| PhillipBank

ANNUAL REPORT

CONTENTS
1. OVERVIEW

# Background
= Corporate Vision and Mission
#» Chairman’s Statement

7. BUSINESS REVIEW

® Business Priorities

» The Customer's Voice

=» Corporate Social Responsibility

® Financial Highlights

» Year to Year Financial Summary
# Analysis of Financial Statements
# Policies and Practices

» Philip Bank in The News

33. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

® Profile of Directors
= Profile of Management
® Phillip Bank Organisation Chart

45. FINANCIALS

® Financial Report of the Board of Directors and
Audited Financial Statements
OVERVIEW

® Background

® Corporate Vision and Mission

® Chairman's Statement

02

03
04
BACKGROUND

Phillip Bank Plc is a member of PhillipCapital which is
headquartered in Singapore, and established since 1975.

PhillipCapital operates in the financial hubs of 15 countries
including Australia, Cambodia, China (as well as Hong
Kong), Spain, India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Singa-
pore, Thailand, Turkey, UK, UAE, USA and Vietnam.

It offers a full range of quality innovative products and
services to retail and high-net-worth individuals, corporate
and institutional customers. These include securities
brokering, futures, foreign exchange, bonds, precious
metals and commodities, unit trusts, contracts for
difference, exchange traded funds, fund management,
managed accounts, insurance planning, regular savings
plan, investment research, equity financing and property
consultancy.

Since 1975, the PhillipCapital network has grown into a
global presence, an integrated Asian financial house with

over 5,000 employees and more than one million clients
worldwide and assets under custody/management
exceeding US$ 35 billion, and shareholder's funds in
excess of US$ 1.5 billion.

From its first foray into Cambodia in 2009 investing in
First Finance Microfinance, PhilipCapital expanded its
investment by also buying into KREDIT Microfinance in 2012,
then purchasing Hwang DBS Bank in 2014 and changing
its name to Phillip Bank. Our status as a significant financial
solutions provider in Cambodia has been enhanced with
the addition of Phillip Life Assurance (Cambodia) Plc,
Philip General Insurance (Cambodia) Plc, and Phillip
Trustee (Cambodia) Co., Ltd.

Phillip Bank currently has more than 70 branches across
Cambodia and is planning to expand its presence
throughout the Kingdom of Cambodia.

CORPORATE VISION AND
MISSION

CORPORATE VISION

m  Delighting Customers
m Growing People
® Benefiting Communities

CORPORATE MISSION

To build convenient, integrated, innovative, and
trusted financial solutions by leveraging technology
platforms and engaging our staff, business partners,
and customers to sustainably improve the economic
well-being of families in rural and urban communities.
CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

MR. LIM HUA MIN

Cambodia, like the rest of the world, is coming out of
a period of unexpected disruption and uncertainty
which has led to significant economic pressures.
However, these challenges bring with them unexpected
opportunities triggered by an increasingly rapid pace of
change. Phillip Bank is positioning itself to capitalise on
those opportunities in order to fulfill its vision to delight
customers, grow people, and benefit communities.

After two years of adapting to the Covid-19 pandemic,
Cambodia is progressing towards a new normal where
people are using digital currency as a means of daily
payment, as compared to using physical currency notes.
According to data from the National Bank of Cambodia
(NBC), the number of Bakong users increased significantly
in only 7 months from 288,000 as of December 2021 to
445,000 as of July 2022, with 12.7 million transactions

valued at US$ 7.2 billion. As the number of Covid-19
patients recedes, the Cambodian government has opened
its borders once again to welcome new businesspersons
and tourists. As of October 2022, all measures related
to COVID-19 had been lifted for international travelers.

In 2022, with our focus on digitalisation, Phillip Bank has
focused its strategy on acquiring new customers and
engaging them through our robust, customer-friendly
financial ecosystem, and adding value to our key corporate
partners and merchants by serving as a digital banking
facilitator for one-stop convenience with access to a
large product and payment network connected to
NBC's Bakong and KHQR. We were among the very
first banks to provide free transfer service from a Phillip
Bank account to Bakong wallets, including cross-bank
transfer through the Bakong gateway and cross-bank
scan and pay which provides another level of convenience
for end users. In addition, we have rolled out the Phillip
Bank KHQR to more than 20,000 merchants, enabling
them to accept payments from all banks in Cambodia
without any hassle. The latest version of Phillip Mobile
comes with enhanced security and performance, a new
user interface and experience, and it allows users to
create an account instantly without having to come to a
branch.

Aside from its digital focus, Phillip Bank also launched a
deposit campaign, giving new and existing depositors a
chance to win various prizes including the 2021 Lexus
LX570 Kuro Black Edition. The campaign concluded
with three lucky draw events, with the final one officiated
by a representative of the Singaporean Embassy in
Cambodia. The campaign received tremendous support,
with new deposits from the Cambodian public exceeding
the bank's target. As a result, we have successfully
promoted Phillip Bank to all provinces through our
branches and earned the trust of the public in the bank’s
high standards of practice when it comes to securing
the funds that customers save with us.

In 2022, we achieved operating revenue of US$ 76.26
million (compared to US$ 69.63 million in 2021) and
recorded a pre-tax profit of US$ 13.78 million (as
compared to a pre-tax profit of US$ 14.84 million in
2021). The pre-tax profit decreased by 7.12% or US$
1.06 million because of increased cost of funds and
higher operating expenses during the year due to
branch office renovation from microfinance branches
to full service commercial bank branches. Despite the
slight drop in pre-tax profit, the Bank still managed to
grow the loan portfolio by US$ 66.05 million, with US$
89.36 million in customer deposits for the year 2022.

os)

At Phillip Bank, we also aim to be a leading bank in terms
of customer experience, with its first step of adjusting
the opening time from 8:30 am to 8:00 am. We have
also partnered with various large clients such as KOI
bubble tea, Master Suki Soup, Singapore Medical Centre,
provincial water supply authorities, private utilities billers,
and some universities to extend our payment platform.

With paid-up capital of US$ 75 million which complies
with regulatory requirements, the Bank remains steadfast
in maintaining its strict compliance with the Prakas and
regulations set by the NBC.

In 2023, we face uncertainty in the economy even as the
Asian Development Bank is forecasting 5.5% GDP growth
for Cambodia. We are impacted by global events such
as the Ukraine war, and high inflation is driving up
interest rates. Therefore, we will monitor the actions of
the Bank closely and pursue a conservative growth
strategy as below.

1. We will ensure that the Bank maintains a good liquidity
position while continuing to grow our customers base
through B2B2C initiatives and cross-selling of our
products that provide friendly service to corporate and
retail customers.

2. In order to better serve our existing and new customers,
we will engage in strategic partnerships with more
payment services providing public services and partner
with payment aggregators for solutions such as cross-
border scan and pay, international transfer from the
Phillip Mobile app, and bill to Phillip Mobile.
3. We will issue a physical Mastercard, UPI and VISA
cards. We will also launch the card merchants’ business.

4. We will continue to grow our loan portfolio, especially
SME, MSME, and micro loans, and partnerships for
loans for ESG products. We will maintain a rigorous
lending process while working hard to monitor our NPL
and find ways to support our existing customers in order

to earn their loyalty and sustain and grow their business.

On behalf of the Board, | would like to take this opportunity
to thank all the officials of the National Bank of Cambodia
for their ongoing guidance, support, and advice. To all
our customers, thank you for your continued confidence
and support. We look forward to building strong and
mutually beneficial partnerships in the coming years
which demonstrate our commitment to delight customers,
grow people, and benefit communities. And finally, our
achievements are only possible because of the tireless
efforts and commitment of our employees. They are our
greatest asset, and they have our deepest appreciation.

A —

Lim Hua Min
Chairman

BUSINESS REVIEW

Business Priorities

The Customer's Voice

Corporate Social Responsibility

Financial Highlights

Year to Year Financial Summary

Analysis of Financial Statements

Policies and Practices

Phillip Bank in The News

08
11
14
20
21

22
24
31
BUSINESS PRIORITIES

FINANCIAL PERSPECTIVE

For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Bank
recorded a total operating revenue of US$ 76.26 million
(compared to US$ 69.63 million as at 31 December
2021) and recorded a pre-tax profit of US$ 13.78 million
(as compared to pre-tax profit of US$ 14.84 million as
at 31 December 2021). The pre-tax profit decreased
7.12% or US$ 1.06 million due to the increase in cost of
funds and operating expenses during the year. Despite
the slight drop in pre-tax profit, the bank still managed to
grow US$ 66.05 million in loan portfolio and US$ 89.36
million in customer deposits.

The Bank will continue to pursue its strategies on
satisfying the financial needs of small and medium scale
enterprises and micro borrowers; and offering consumer
products such as personal, housing and car loans. The
Bank will also focus on increasing its loan base as well
as growing its depositor base, especially in the Retail,
Micro and SME segments.

CUSTOMER CENTRICITY

The Bank offers a wide range of products and services
for small and medium scale enterprises and micro
borrowers to meet retail and corporate financial needs
while safeguarding the wealth of its customers for future
generations. The Bank believes in going the extra mile to
meet with the customers at their convenience, customise
solutions that best fit their needs, and offer a great
customer experience. We ensure that all transactions are
successfully completed and help guide them through all
their banking needs. This commitment is a key differentiator
for the Bank and brings a whole new meaning to our
standard of “Customer Experience and Customer

Relationship Excellence” so that we live up to our vision
of “Delighting Customers, Growing People and Benefiting
Communities”.

COMMUNITY PERSPECTIVE

The Bank also engages in and implements various CSR
programmes to support communities. In past years, the
Bank has sponsored many charity events. From 2018
until now, the Bank has placed great emphasis on the
disabled community and on education by sponsoring
and co-running events to help support the disabled
community through the Epic Arts Organisation. In
addition, we have supported the E2STEM Programme at
Preah Yukuntor High School by providing scholarships
and internship programmes to students to help foster
science and technical education in Cambodia. The
scholarship students also had a chance to conduct
internships at Phillip Bank so they can experience the
real working environment, which helps prepare them for
the workplace as they graduate from the school.

The Bank will continue to give back to Cambodian
society through many other initiatives and projects in the
upcoming years including supporting health & sport,
community donation, and many others. Phillip Bank is
unique among banks in Cambodia as has its own local
NGO which it supports to serve as the CSR arm of the
Bank. This organisation, Koampia Phum Yoeung (KPY),
which means “Caring for Our Village” in the Khmer
language, was originally launched more than 10 years
ago as a project of KREDIT Microfinance to help children,
poor families and communities across Cambodia by
providing training and consulting in financial literacy,
agriculture, child rights, health and education.

ow)
INTERNAL PROCESS PERSPECTIVE

The Bank aims to position itself as a bank that Delights
Customers, Grows People, and Benefits Communities
while placing a high degree of importance on stringent
risk management processes for the benefit of our clients
and the community. The Bank has put in place policies
and procedures following international banking stand-
ards and has invested substantially in technology and
infrastructure security for our customers’ added peace
of mind.

HUMAN RESOURCE PERSPECTIVE

We believe that each person is unique and given distinct
gifts and talents. Hence each person is obliged to develop
oneself to their fullest potential, and we will avail oppor-
tunities for them in training, service and responsibility.

In Phillip Bank, we believe in nurturing and growing our
people for growth and sustainability. Young people bring
fresh ideas and energy to the workplace. They are a crucial
part of the country’s development and company’s
long-term talent pipeline. Our LEAP Programme is
designed to provide learning and development opportu-
nities to the youth in our structured internship and
management trainee programmes. We work with local
universities and universities in Singapore to provide
internships to local and Singaporean students. Our
people have ample of opportunities to learn and share
with each other in cultural diversity. We aim to upskill
young people to make a positive difference within the
organisation and for communities.

Our people are at the heart of our commitment to be a
responsible employer. We devoted a budget more than

®)

US$ 100,000 in 2022 for learning and development. We
work closely with our partner IBF in skills and certification
trainings for all levels of staff. Covid-19 has sped up
digital and technology transformation. To ensure our
people are equipped for digital transformation, we
included all managers in agile and digitalisation training
programmes with external expertise. Providing excellent
customer experience is a new battleground, thus
customer centricity is always our core focus. We piloted
an in-house customer service programme, WE CARE,
throughout the bank and covered all 3 parts of the
programme in Phnom Penh and Siem Reap regions by
end of 2022. The virtual quarterly Senior Mentoring session
continues to add value in our managers’ development
since we piloted in year 2021. And as we continue to
align our leaders to work towards the bank's goals, we
have piloted another in-house learning programme,
“Know Yourself”, to provide all department heads
understanding of mindset change. Learning, Unlearmning
and Relearning is a process of developing behaviors,
new mindsets and new skills. Throughout the years, we
regularly engage our people in learning and sharing
through various communication platforms, such as
virtual and face to face sessions.

Providing a positive employee experience is our priority
in Phillip Bank, in the process of achieving our corporate
goals, we will put every effort towards our people's
growth. In November 2021, we conducted a biannual
organisational HR survey to capture the perception of our
employees. It included subjects such as management,
work culture and processes. The online survey was sent
out to 1860 employees with 79% response rate and
with a scoring of 96% in job satisfaction.
EMPLOYER BRANDING

We are beginning to pay attention to the employer
branding aspect of business, as it also forms an important
part of the bank's image and profiling amongst stake-
holders. We will be calibrating the efforts and resources
to be devoted to this aspect of management and the
likely benefits that will accrue to the bank.

SIGNIFICANT BUSINESS PLANS FOR
FINANCIAL YEAR 2023

To provide customers with a more convenient way of
banking, the Bank plans to introduce many new products
in 2023. We plan to launch the new version of Phillip
Mobile version that comes with new user interface
and experience, enhanced security and performance.
Besides equipping new functions and solutions on the
mobile app, including account opening and international
remittance, we are working with government authorities
to provide more public services on our mobile app,
including EDC auto-debit payment, Ministry of Public
Works and Transport’s services, and many others. All of
these solutions will help save time for our customers
who had to visit their branches for these services in the
past.

Our physical Mastercard, including debit and prepaid
multi-currency card will be available in the market by the
third quarter of 2023. This provides another definition of
how user-friendly it is when it comes to online shopping
and payment as one travels. Our KHQR stand has been
deployed to more than 25,000 merchants nation-wide
and we are preparing a smoother process for our
merchants through Merchant App, which allows them to
refund or set the amount for their customers conveniently.

Our top-notch customer experience can be seen through
the increase in the number of our priority customers. We
have re-segmentised our Priority Customers into 3
Categories — Priority Customers with more than US$
50,000 up to US$ 500,000; Priority Plus, between US$
500,000 to US$ 1 milion and Priority Premium for
customers with excess of US$ 1 million deposited with
us. We aim to dedicate a specific counter at our branches
in the provinces to better serve our VIP customers who
wish to receive banking services as they travel farther.
Given the success of our Deposit Campaign in 2022, we
will be offering another campaign which will be more
advantageous for our high-net-worth customers. In
addition, we will continue our ambition to acquire new
customers which will increase customer transactions via
our digital platforms.

Meanwhile, the Bank will also enhance its retail products,
including personal loans, micro loans, car loans and
housing loans to increase our customer base in retail
segments.
CUSTOMER'S VOICE

. =

*

————— =
y ——
Fa. 100
Emaar. oo
| EE ee =

L"
|
1

fein

i =.

MS. SIT HUN

| have been supported and served well by Phillip Bank's tailored professional services, products, affordable interest
rates, and profitable business consultation. Their services and products are phenomenal! | am also impressed by
the professionalism, efficiency, and values held by the Phillip Bank staff. Thanks to the kind support from Phillip
Bank, | get to expand my business and increase my family income up to 70%!

MS. SUON SINA

Phillip Bank has always been my trusted financial partner for a decade. My business has grown on a bigger scale, and
| have become the owner of Painting and Khmer Art leather carving shops thanks to the support of Phillip Bank. | would
like to express my gratitude toward Phillip Bank for their assistance in helping me to have a stable income and a decent
standard of living.
MS. NEOU CHANNA

Phillip Bank has earned my full trust and confidence because of their great service, products, and dedicated staff. | have
received nothing less than the best expertise, professionalism, and top-notch communications from them. Having been
a regular business customer of the Bank, | can assure you they do what they say. Phillip Bank upholds its reputation by
professionally conducting its business.

MS. CHHOUK CHANBORAMEY

| cannot emphasise enough how dedicated and diligent the Phillip Bank staff is. Phillip Bank does not solely focus on
policy or procedure, but rather on the customer's concerns. They always listen and provide effective advice to provide
me the best banking service possible. All of my questions and concerns were addressed, and | received exceptional
service, thanks to their attentive and prompt response. | believe | made the right decision in taking the loan from Phillip
Bank.

@)
MS. LY NAVY

Phillip Bank has consistently supported my business, and they have been instrumental in my growth over the years. |
am grateful to Phillip Bank for assisting me in becoming the person | am today. | would like to recommend Phillip Bank
to those who are looking for a supportive and trustworthy financial partner.

MR. PHAT THOMAS

I really praise Phillip Bank for their great service and product. Phillip Bank staff always show me kindness, respect, and
a friendly smile. Thanks to the affordable interest rate and flexible loan conditions from Phillip Bank, | have been able to
expand my business up to 100%-200% compared to before.
CORPORATE SOCIAL
RESPONSIBILITY

Phillip Bank believes Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) is not just a corporate obligation. It is built into our DNA and
corporate culture to do good and give back to the communities we operate in.

We divide our CSR activities into two parts:

m Strategic CSR: these are specific areas in which the bank has chosen to contribute over an extended period.
For Phillip Bank, Strategic CSR includes benefiting financial inclusion, education and disabled arts.

m Tactical CSR: These are short-term or one-off projects providing aid to specific segments of the community, in
response to events such as disasters, flood relief, educational campaigns, children’s enrichment programmes,
and health.

In 2022, Phillip Bank supported communities and local charities through the activities below:

Koampia Phum Yoeung (KPY)

KPY is a local NGO working alongside Phillip Bank, as part of the Bank's CSR, to improve the lives of the vulnerable in
Cambodia. Phillip Bank has supported this work for more than 10 years since it was a project of KREDIT Microfinance
to help children, poor families, and communities in four target provinces in Cambodia by providing training and consulting

in four areas including financial literacy, agriculture development, child rights, and education.

Epic Arts Cambodia

Phillip Bank is a sponsor of disabled arts in Cambodia and has proudly contributed to performances by Epic Arts, a

social and educational enterprise based in Kampot.

E2STEM Cambodia

Phillip Bank is a proud sponsor of a major educational initiative called E2STEM. Under the programme, scholarships are
provided to needy students for their studies in science, technology and mathematics. In 2022, Phillip Bank sponsored
four students for 3 years in high school and 2 years in technical school under the E2STEM Programme at Preah
Yukunthor High School. In addition, Phillip Bank also arranged an internship programme for selected E2STEM students
to make use of their skills in a real working environment.

Community Radio Programme

Philip Bank has collaborated with a media NGO, Trans World Cambodia (TWC), to address financial literacy through
two community radio programmes. The radio talk shows are broadcast every weekend and feature discussion between

expert speakers from various institutions on the importance of financial education.

Flying Bikes

Phillip Bank is one of the sponsors for Flying Bikes in promoting health and sport in Cambodia.

True Vision Sponsorship

Phillip Bank has signed an MoU with True VISIONS International School of Cambodia (TVIS) to provide scholarships to
three outstanding high school students, covering 50% of their annual tuition fee.

= ed 1 of
fs NBjBRVNTNITHIRT
SCHOLARSHIP AWAR!

Online Video Learning by the Ministry of Education, Youth and Sport

In 2022, Phillip Bank was an exclusive sponsor for “The Production of Online Video Learning on Fundamental of Financial
Literacy for Secondary School Students in Cambodia”. The programme comes with a series of 30 videos on financial
literacy which were later published on the social media page of the MoEYS and screened by selected students in several

provinces including Kampot, Kampong Cham, Phnom Penh, and many others.

Breast Cancer Awareness Charity Biking Event

Phillip Bank collaborated with Singapore Medical Centre (SGMC) to organise a charity biking event to celebrate Breast
Cancer Awareness Month in October 2022. More than 30 participants attended this charity biking event and the funds
raised from the event was donated to support the breast cancer programme of Sihanouk Hospital Centre of Hope.

Banker’s Cycling 2022

Phillip Bank was a Platinum Sponsor of the 2022 Banker's Cycling organised by the Association of Banks in Cambodia.
25 Phillip Bank staff also participated in the ride around the Angkor complex. The purpose of the event was to promote
the Khmer Riel and the sustainability of the banking sector as well as the ASEAN Savings Day and to raise awareness
of economic and social activities as well as tourism in Siem Reap Province.

Angkor Wat International Half Marathon

Phillip Bank contributed nearly US$ 2,000 by participating in the 27th Angkor Wat International Half Marathon, with more
than 100 staff registered to join the event. The whole registration fee was donated via the event organiser to Kantha

Bopha Children’s Hospitals.

The Young SEAkers Education Fair

Phillip Bank was the main sponsor at the SEAkers Education Fair, organised by The Young SEAkers Cambodia Chapter.
The fair was held on 19th & 20th December 2022 in Steung Treng and Ratanakiri Province to inspire high school graduates
to pursue their education to a university degree. Phillip Bank staff in the two provinces participated in the event to share
their experience of being a banker.

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

OPERATING RESULTS (US$’000)

Operating revenue
Profit before taxation
Net profit for the year

KEY BALANCE SHEET DATE (US$’000)

Total asset

Loan and advances (net)
Total liabilities

Deposits

Statutory capital
Shareholder’s funds

FINANCIAL RATIOS

Earnings per share (US$)

Net assets per share (US$)

Return on shareholders’ funds (%)
Return on assets (%)

Liquidity ratio (%)

Loan-to-deposit ratio (%)
Non-performing loans to total loans (%)

CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

Net worth (US$°000)
Solvency ratio (%)

2022 ) C 2021
76,261 69,627
13,783 14,839
10,526 11,670

721,079 625,675
582,611 517,286
569,188 484,309
507,879 418,521
75,000 75,000
151,801 141,365
0.14 0.16
2.03 1.88
6.93 8.25
1.46 1.87
154 138
116.37 125.43
4.04 2.50
144,730 138,598
22.60 24.27
YEAR TO YEAR FINANCIAL

SUMMARY

TOTAL ASSETS LOAN AND ADVANCES
(US$ Million) (US$ Million)
C ) 721.08 582.61
C 1) 62567 ) 517.29

OO 2022 2021

OO 2022 2021

N
DEPOSITS SHAREHOLDER'S FUNDS
(US$ Million) (US$ Million)
( 507.88 |) 151.89
) 418.52 ) 141.37
OO 2022 (O 2021 OO 2022 (OO 2021
\
OPERATING REVENUE PROFIT BEFORE TAX
(US$ Million) (US$ Million)
C ) 76.26 ) 13.78
C |) 6963 |) 1484
O 2022 O 2021 (O 2022 (OO 2021
\

om

ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

OPERATING REVENUE

Operating revenue of the Bank for the year ended 31
December 2022 is 9.54% higher at US$ 76.26 million,
compared to US$ 69.63 million in the previous year
ended 31 December 2021. Contributing to the higher
operating revenue is primarily the significant increase in
interest income from loans and advances to customers,
on the back of significant growth in loan portfolio of the
Bank as well as fee income. The key sources of operating
revenue of the Bank for the year ended 31 December
2022 are interest income from loans and advances to
customers (96.98%), with recovery from written off loans
and foreign exchange gain/loss comprising (0.39%),
and fees and commission income comprising (2.63%).

PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION AND
EARNINGS PER SHARE

The Bank posted a slightly lower pre-tax profit of US$
13.78 million for the year ended 31 December 2022
against pre-tax profit of US$ 14.84 million recorded in
the preceding year due to the increase in cost of funds.
Cost-to-income ratio for the Bank for the year 2022 was
higher at 0.70:1 against 0.64:1 in the previous year.
Components of operating expenses of the Bank for the
current year under review are personnel expenses (56%),
depreciation and amortisation expenses (13%), promo-
tion and marketing related expenses (7%) and adminis-
trative and other operating expenses (24%).

The Bank posted a net profit for the year of US$ 10.53
million compared to a net profit of US$ 11.67 million in the
year ended 31 December 2021, due to the increased
cost of funds in the market. Profit per share of the Bank
for year 2022 is US$ 0.14 versus US$ 0.16 for the previous
year.

TAXATION

Taxation consists of income tax and deferred tax. As the
Bank incurred pre-tax profit during the current year, the
income tax of the Bank is subject to the 20% profit tax
under Cambodian tax laws. The Bank is also recognising
the deferred tax liabilities of US$ 0.78 million as of 31
December 2022.

TOTAL LIABILITIES

Total liabilities of the Bank have increased to US$
569.19 million as at 31 December 2022 from US$
484.31 million as at 31 December 2021.

Deposit placements from financial institutions and
customers, and borrowings from social lenders are the
key components of the Bank's total liabilities as at 31
December 2022, accounting for 97.27% of the total
liabilities of the Bank.

TOTAL ASSETS

Total assets of the Bank stood at US$ 721.08 million as
at 31 December 2022, representing a 15.25% increase
from US$ 625.67 million as at 31 December 2021. The
asset base of the Bank is largely supported by loans and
advances to customers (80.80%), and cash equivalents
(10.11%), placement with banks (0.04%), balance with
the central bank (Statutory deposits: 5.90%), and other
assets (3.15%).

DEPOSITS AND BORROWINGS

Deposits from financial institutions and customers
represent 89.23% of total liabilities as at 31 December
2022. It consists of term deposits (80.74%), current

=)
accounts (8.39%) and savings accounts (10.87%).
Borrowing is also an essential component, representing
8.04% of total liabilities.

LOANS AND ADVANCES

Loans and advances are mainly comprised of secured
long term loans to customers. Gross loans and advances
to customers of the Bank have grown by 12.58% to
US$ 591.01 million as at 31 December 2022 from US$
524.96 million as at 31 December 2021.

STATUTORY CAPITAL

The paid-up statutory capital of the Bank as at 31
December 2022 amounted to US$ 75 million.

SHAREHOLDERS' FUNDS AND NET ASSETS
PER SHARE

As at 31 December 2022, shareholders" funds of the Bank
are marginally higher at US$ 151.89 million compared to
US$ 141.37 million. Net assets, per share of the Bank as at
31 December 2022, stood at US$ 2.03 (2021: US$ 1.88).

RETURN ON SHAREHOLDERS' FUNDS AND
RETURN ON ASSETS

The Bank recorded returns on shareholders’ funds and
assets for the year ended 31 December 2022 as follows:
return on shareholders' funds was 6.93% (2021: 8.25%)
and the return on assets was 1.46% (2021: 1.87%).

NON-PERFORMING LOANS TO TOTAL
LOANS (%)

The non-performing loans to total loans ratio as at 31
December 2022 increased to 4.04%, compared to 2.50%
as at 31 December 2021. Non-performing loans are mostly

=)

secured and the Bank is in the process of recovering the
loans.

LIQUIDITY RATIO

The liquidity ratio of the Bank as at 31 December 2022
is higher at 154% compared to 138% as at 31 December
2021, mainly because the short term cash inflow is
greater than cash outflow. The Bank is in compliance
with the Central Bank's Prakas No.B7-015-349 which
requires a liquidity ratio of 100%. The liquidity ratio of the
Bank indicates that the Bank has the ability to honour
withdrawals of deposits by its customers.

NET WORTH

As at 31 December 2022, the net worth of the Bank of
US$ 144.73 million (2021:US$ 138.60 million) is in excess
of the minimum regulatory capital requirement of US$ 75
million. The increase is due to the net profit generated in
2022.

LOAN-TO-DEPOSIT RATIO

The loan-to-deposit ratio of the Bank as at 31 December
2022 is stagnant at 116.37% as compared to 125.43%
as at 31 December 2021, mainly attributed to the fact that
the increase in deposits from financial institutions and
customers was partly offset by the enlarged loan portfolio.

SOLVENCY RATIO

The solvency ratio provides a measure of the Bank's net
worth as a percentage of its risk-weighted credit exposures.
As at 31 December 2022, the solvency ratio of the Bank
was 22.60% (2021: 24.27%) and is in compliance with
Central Bank's Prakas No.B7-04-206 which requires a
solvency ratio of at least 15%.
POLICIES AND PRACTICES

BOARD RESPONSIBILITIES AND
OVERSIGHT

The Board of Directors of Phillip Bank (Board) is committed
to the principles of good corporate governance and
oversees the overall corporate practices and performance
of the Bank. The responsibilities of the Board include:

overseeing the conduct of the Bank's business;
establishing business directions, plans and annual
budget of the Bank;

B® reviewing action plans that are implemented by the
management to achieve business strategies and
targets set by the Board;

m identifying principal risks and ensuring the imple-
mentation of appropriate systems to manage those
risks;

m reviewing the adequacy and the integrity of the
Bank's internal control systems and management
Information systems, including systems for compli-
ance with applicable laws, rules and guidelines
issued by the National Bank of Cambodia.

COMPOSITION OF THE BOARD

The Bank is led and managed by an experienced Board
comprising members with extensive experience in
commercial and Investment banking activities as well as
audit background. As at March 2023, the Board
comprises seven (7) Directors: one (1) Chairman of The
Board, two (2) Non-Independent Executive Directors,
and four (4) Independent Non-Executive Directors.

The functions of Executive and Non-Executive Directors
are separate and distinct. The Non-Executive Directors
complement the skills and contribute to the formulation
of strategies and policies of the Bank with the Executive
Directors, and also provide effective checks and balances
to ensure that the Bank operates within a proper
governance framework, with the necessary internal

controls and systems in place. The Executive Directors
are responsible for making operational decisions and
implementing strategic activities of the Bank. The
Non-Executive Directors on the Board bring strong
independent judgment and objective participation in the
proceedings and decision-making process of the
Board.

The Board agreed on the composition of the Board of
Directors for the new term from 2023-2025 during a
meeting in December 2022. The agreement for this new
term was approved by the National Bank of Cambodia,
acknowledging that all board members have prior
experience with their respective obligation.

The composition of the Board reflects the Board's
commitment to maintaining an appropriate balance of
financial and management expertise to ensure a
sufficiently wide and relevant mix of backgrounds, skills
and experience to provide strong and effective leader-
ship and control of the Bank.

The Board has set up three (3) Board Committees to assist
the Board in the management of the Bank's business
and discharge of its duties. The functions and terms of
reference of the Committees as well as authority delegated
by the Board to these Committees have been clearly
defined by the Board. The three (3) Board Committees are:

( Committee Chaired By )

) ) Independent
Audit Committee )
Non - Executive Director

Risk Management
Committee

Independent
Non - Executive Director

Remuneration and Independent

Nomination Committee Non - Executive Director

\ J

24)

(I) Audit Management Committee

The Audit Committee provides independent oversight of
the Bank's financial reporting and internal control systems
and ensures checks and balances within the Bank.

The Audit Committee is comprised of three (3) members
from the Board as follows:

1. Ms. Seah Yen Goon (Chairperson)
2. Mr. Paul Gwee Choon Guan
3. Mr. Ong Teong Hoon

The duties of the Audit Committee include amongst others:

(@) ensure financial and risk-related information provided
to the public and the National Bank of Cambodia
are clear, accurate and reliable;

(b) assess the basis of preparation and accounting
methodologies used for individual and consolidated
financial statements;

(c) review the adequacy of the scope, functions,
competency and resources of the internal audit
functions and ensure that the internal audit
functions have the necessary authority to carry out
its work;

(d) review the scope of the internal audit programme;

©

review the effectiveness of internal control systems

and processes;

(f) ensure that there are proper checks and balances in
place so that the provision of non-audit services
does not interfere with the exercise of independent
judgement of the external auditors;

(g) review the scope of audit, the plans for carrying out

the audit, the extent of planned reliance on the work

of the external auditors and the internal auditors;

=)

(h) review audit reports as well as inspection reports
issued by regulatory authorities and issue directives
for necessary remedial actions to be taken;

(iy review all related party transactions and keep the
Board informed of such transactions.

(Il) Risk Management Committee

The Risk Management Committee oversees manage-
ment's activities in managing credit, market, structural
interest rate, liquidity, operational, legal, compliance and
other risks to ensure that the risk management process
is in place and functioning.

The Risk Management Committee is comprised of three
(8) members from the Board as follows:

1. Mr. Paul Gwee Choon Guan (Chairperson)
2. Mr. Ong Teong Hoon
3. Ms. Seah Yen Goon

The Risk Management Committee is authorised by the
Board to:

(a) review and recommend risk management strategies,
policies and risk tolerance for the Board's approval;

(b) review and approve new products, after ensuring
that the new products have undergone a proper
evaluation process;

(c) review the asset and liability management and
capital allocation functions including fund transfer
pricing where relevant;

(d) set risk appetite capital for delegation to the Bank's
Asset and Liability Committee;
(e) review and assess the adequacy of risk management
policies and framework in identifying, measuring,
monitoring and controlling risk and the extent to
which those are operating effectively and independently;

{fy ensure that the infrastructure, resources and systems
are in place for risk management; and

(g) review the management's periodic reports on risk
exposure, risk portfolio composition and risk manage-
ment activities.

(h) review compliance programme and reports prepared
by the Head of Compliance relating to compliance
with statutory and regulatory requirements and
issue directives for necessary remedial actions to be
taken.

(lll) Remuneration and Nomination Committee

The Remuneration and Nomination Committee provides
a formal and transparent procedure for the appointment
of Directors, Board Committees members and key senior
management officer(s) as well as assessment of the
effectiveness of such individual Directors, the Board as a
whole and the performance of the key senior manage-
ment officer(s). The Committee also provides a formal
and transparent procedure for developing remuneration
policy for Directors and key senior management officer(s)
and ensures that compensation is competitive and
consistent with the Group's culture, objectives and strategy.

The Remuneration and Nomination Committee is
comprised of three (3) members from the Board as
follows:

1. Mr. Koh Yong Guan (Chairperson)
2. Mr. Lim Hua Min
3. Mr. Ong Teong Hoon

The Remuneration and Nomination Committee is
authorised by the Board to:

(a) review the composition and size of the Board and
determine the appropriate Board balance between
Executive Director(s). Non-Executive Directors and
Independent Directors;

(b) review and recommend to the Board the required
mix of skills, experience, qualifications and other
core competencies required of a Director;

(c) recommend and assess the nominees for directorship,
Board committees as well as nominees for key
senior management position(s);

(d) recommend to the Board the removal of a Director
or key senior management officer(s) if they are
ineffective, errant and negligent in discharging their
respective responsibilities;

(e) establish a mechanism for the formal assessment of
the effectiveness of the Board as a whole and the
contribution of each Director to the effectiveness of
the Board, the contribution of the Board's various
committees and the performance of the key senior
management officer(s);

(f) oversee the appointment, management succession
planning and performance evaluation of the key
senior management officer(s); and

(g) recommend a framework for the remuneration of
Directors and key senior management officer(s),
reflecting the responsibility, experience and commit-
ment of each Director and key senior management
officer(s) concerned.

BOARD APPOINTMENT PROCESS

All nominees for appointment to the Board will in the first
instance be assessed by the Remuneration and Nomination
Committee which will make recommendations to the
Board. The Board makes the final decision on appoint-
ments to the Board. When assessing nominees for
appointment to the Board, considerations will include
the nominees’ qualifications, expertise and experience,
fit and properness, core competencies required of the
position and the appropriate Board balance.

POLICY AND PRACTICE GUIDELINES FOR
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Board Meetings

Board Meetings are held at least once every quarter.
During the financial year ended 31 December 2022, the
Board met four (4) times.

Directors are provided with notices of the Board Meetings
and board papers for each agenda item in advance of
each meeting to ensure that Directors have sufficient
time to study them and be prepared for discussion. The
Board also has a formal schedule of matters reserved
for deliberation and decision. Minutes of Meetings are
recorded, maintained and distributed to all Board members
and senior management.

The management of the Bank has adopted the Group's
policy on information to be brought to the Board's attention.
In accordance with the policy, all material information are
to be tabled to the Board on a timely basis in order for
the Board to be kept abreast with the performance and
business activities of the Bank.

Directors have access to the advice and services of the
Company Secretary who is responsible for ensuring
that Board procedures are followed and all necessary
information is obtained from Directors both for the
Bank's own records and for the purposes of meeting
statutory obligations. Details of Directors’ attendance at
Board Meetings during the financial year ended 31
December 2022 are outlined in the following table:

@

No. of Board
Name of Director meetings
attend in office
Mr. Lim Hua Min (Chairman) 4/4
Mr. Koh Yong Guan 4/4
Mr. Ong Teong Hoon 4/4
Ms. Seah Yen Goon 4/4
Mr. Paul Gwee Choon Guan 4/4
Mr. Chan Mach 4/4
NG J
Responsibility

The Board recognises the importance of maintaining
adequate accounting records and an effective system of
internal controls to safeguard the shareholders’ interest
and the Bank's assets. The Board affirms its overall
responsibility for the Bank's system of internal controls,
which includes the establishment of an appropriate
control environment and risk management framework
as well as review of its adequacy and integrity. In view of
the inherent limitations in any system of internal controls,
the system is designed to manage risks and ensure that
the risks are identified and managed at acceptable
levels, rather than eliminate these risks to achieve its
business objectives. The system can only provide
reasonable but not absolute assurance against the risk
of material misstatement of management and financial
information or financial losses and fraud.
KEY INTERNAL CONTROL PROCESSES

The key processes that have been established in reviewing
the adequacy and integrity of the system of internal
controls are described below:

Organisational Structure

Organisational structure with delineated lines of respon-
sibilities, reporting, delegation of authorities and account-
ability within the Bank assist in ensuring that effective
communication of risk control objectives as well as
establishment of authority and accountability is in
accordance with management criteria.

Internal Policies and Procedures

Detailed internal policies and procedures manuals of
business and support units have been established to
serve as guidelines to ensure compliance with internal
controls and applicable laws and regulations.

There are also documented Limits of Approving Authority
for key aspects of the businesses, which have been
approved by the Board. This provides a sound framework
of authority and accountability and facilitates proper
corporate decision-making at the appropriate level in the
organisation's hierarchy. The delegation of limits is subject
to periodic reviews as to its implementation and continuing
suitability in meeting the Bank's business objectives and
operational needs.

Financial Performance Review
On a regular basis, management provides comprehensive

financial information, key variances and analysis of financial
data to the Board for review and decision-making purposes.

Compliance Function

Compliance performs regular assessment on various
operations of the Bank to ensure adherence to regulatory
requirements, especially AML, CFT and CPF regulations,
as well as internal policies and procedures. Any deviation or
breaches are reported to the Risk Management Committee
and the Board is kept informed of the cause and the
remedial measures taken.

Internal Audit Function

Internal Audit monitors the effectiveness of the Bank's
system of internal controls and compliance with relevant
regulatory requirements by the Bank. The internal auditors
undertake regular reviews of the Bank's operations and
systems of internal controls. Internal Audit reports to the
Board of Directors via the Audit Committee.

During 2022, the work of the internal auditors focused on
areas of priority according to their annual risk assessment
and in accordance with the annual audit plan approved
by the Audit Committee of the Bank. The results of reviews
together with recommendations for improvement are
reported to the Audit Committee of the Bank. The Bank's
Audit Committee convenes regular meetings to review
the findings and recommendations for improvement by
Internal Audit, actions taken to rectify the findings in a
timely manner and to evaluate the effectiveness and
adequacy of the internal control system.

The Board confirms that there is an ongoing process
that has been in place throughout the financial year
ended 31 December 2022 for identifying, evaluating and
managing significant risks which will provide reasonable
assurance that the Bank's assets are safeguarded against
losses from unauthorised use and all transactions of the

Bank are properly authorised and recorded.
Risk Management Function

The Bank continues to take steps to strengthen its risk
management practices by appointing the Head of Risk
and Head of Compliance to maintain a comprehensive
risk management framework and compliance frame-
work covering:

Bm Operational risk

Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate
or failed internal processes, people or systems, or from
external events. This includes legal, compliance, accounting
and fraud risk.

m Strategic risk

Strategic risk arises from an institution's inability to
implement appropriate business plans, strategies,
decision-making, and resource allocation and its inability
to adapt to changes in its business environment.

m Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk of suffering financial loss should any
of the Bank's customers, clients or market counterparties
fail to fulfill their contractual obligations to the Bank. Credit
risk is the single largest risk for the Bank's business.

B® Market / Financial risk

The Bank's activities expose it to a variety of financial

risks, including liquidity risk, foreign exchange risk and
interest rate risk.

- Liquidity risk is the risk that the Bank is unable to
meet its obligations when they fall due as a result of
customer deposits being withdrawn, cash require-
ments from contractual commitments, or other cash
outflows.

- Foreign exchange risk is the potential impact of
adverse currency rate movements on earnings and
economic value.

- Interest rate risk is the adverse changes in future
cash flows of a financial instrument arising from
changes in market interest rates. Interest margins may
increase or decrease due to unexpected movements
in rates.

m Compliance risk

Compliance risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions,
material financial loss or damage to reputation that the
Bank may suffer as a result of failure to comply with
laws, regulations, rules, self-regulatory banking standards
and codes of conduct applicable to its activities.

The Bank promotes risk awareness and visibility among
its employees at all levels of the Bank. Training programmes
are continuously held by the Risk Department and Com-
pliance Department to educate employees on how to
identify risks, promote methods to improve controls, and
remain compliant with both internal and external policies
and regulations. The Bank has implemented a dynamic
ongoing Control Self-Assessment (CSA) process through
which all departments will continue to identify, assess
and mitigate operational risks. The Asset Liability
Management Committee (ALCO) maintains oversight of
the Bank's financial performance, risk-return positions,
liquidity and capital management processes.
The Board of Directors’ Risk Management Committee
provides guidance on related issues and ensures that
the Bank's risk appetite is appropriate to deliver the
financial objectives of the Bank.

The Bank is continuing its risk management and compli
ance framework and believes that this robust framework
will help to ensure its continued sustainability and ability
to meet the needs of its target market.

m Code of Ethics

The Bank's Code of Ethics has been put in place as a
guideline for the acceptable behaviours of employees,
especially when they handle sensitive issues like invest-
ments, interaction with others and handling grievances,
both from outside and within the organisation. The Code
of Ethics also sets out specific behaviour standards for
employees related to potential ethical issues such as
confidentiality and / or misuse of information or funds.

The Code of Ethics increases the confidence in the Bank
as an organisation by showing potential customers and
investors that the Bank is committed to maintaining
the Bank's integrity by adhering to the highest ethical
standards and acting in a responsible manner in the
course of performing its business activities.

All new employees are briefed and required to sign their
acceptance of the Code of Ethics as a guide to their
conduct upon commencement of employment.

HB Independence and transparency

The Bank is independently managed by an experienced
management team with oversight by the Board. The
Bank practices transparency in dealings with customers
and in its financial accountability and reporting.
PHILLIP BANK IN THE NEWS

b=

Phillip Bank 1a ; HE
HE Customers "ches bi Promotion frp

- $1,000 Savings
Gives. Yon & Chance vs Win

Phillip Bank Launches New Enhanced

Version of Mobile App to Serve Customer

Philkip Bank, TVIS give out 1000
Better

scholarship a three students

Home
For Rent

Now in
Cinemas

PE Bk oni 1 The Furi
IT om EZSTEM Tring Programas
-= a
. —_
¥ == Phaflip Bark ind Sevenme edie Cans
y BEE Carbeia ont Co Funtevin 2077
[FR

HEH Phil Bart Had Gress Lusi Des ba,
mn Sednch ok Lavan Lands Cor Hionm

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

® Profile of Directors 34

® Profile of Management 37

® Phillip Bank Organisation Chart 43

PROFILE OF DIRECTORS

?

MR. LIM HUA MIN

Mr. Lim Hua Min is the Executive Chairman of PhillipCapital
Group of Companies and was also appointed Chairman of
IFS Capital Limited on 20 May 2003. He began his career
holding senior positions in the Stock Exchange of Singapore
(“SES”) and the Securities Research Institute. He has served
on a number of committees and sub-committees of SES. In
1997, he was appointed Chairman of SES Review Committee,
which was responsible for devising a conceptual framework
to make Singapore's capital markets more globalised,
competitive and robust. For this service, he was awarded the
Public Service Medal in 1999 by the Singapore Government.
In 2014, he was also awarded “IBF Distinguished Fellow”,
the highest certification mark bestowed by The Institute of
Banking and Finance on industry captains who are the
epitome of professional stature, integrity and achievement.
In 2018, he was named Businessman of the Year 2017 at
the annual Singapore Business Awards, which is Singapore's
most prestigious business accolade. Mr. Lim had also
served as a Board Member in the Inland Revenue Authority
of Singapore from 2004 to 2010.

Mr. Lim holds a Bachelor of Science Degree (Honours) in
Chemical Engineering from the University of Surrey and
obtained a Master's Degree in Operations Research and
Management Studies from Imperial College London.

be
Wa

MR. PAUL GWEE CHOON GUAN

Mr. Paul Gwee Choon Guan’s banking career spans over 25
years of experience in the universal and treasury/investment
banking with asset/fund and wealth management industry
across the Asia Pacific. His specialised skills include the
fields of enterprise risk management (credit, market, liquidity
and operational), control and compliance and back-room
operations with a robust combination of strategic business
finance and accounting reporting, mergers and acquisitions
and capital management. He was the Head of Risk Manage-
ment and Compliance in United Overseas Bank Group
followed by as the Country CFO in Hong Kong and Shanghai
Bank, Indonesia and as Chief Operating Officer in Bank of
East Asia, Singapore. He is currently the Secretary-General
of the ASEAN Bankers Association. Mr. Gwee holds a Master
of Business Administration from the University of Chicago,
Graduate School of Business, majoring in finance and was
awarded the Bachelor of Commerce degree from the
University of Newcastle.

He qualified as a Chartered Accountant in 1984 and is a
Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Australia
and Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants.
|p’

MR. KOH YONG GUAN

Mr. Koh graduated with a Bachelor of Applied Science
(Honours) degree in Mechanical Engineering in 1970 and a
Master of Applied Science in Mechanical Engineering and
Biomedical Engineering in 1972 from the University of Toronto
on a Colombo Plan scholarship. He obtained a Master's
Degree in Business Administration (with distinction) from
the Catholic University of Leuven, Belgium in 1981. He was
conferred an Honorary Doctorate by the University of Toronto
in 2011.

Mr. Koh joined Singapore's Civil Service as a Biomedical
Engineer in the Ministry of Health in 1972 and was absorbed
into the Administrative Service in 1979. He served in the
Ministry of Finance (Revenue Division), Education and
Defence before being appointed Permanent Secretary in
the Ministry of Defence in 1989.

Mr. Koh was the Commissioner of Inland Revenue from 1991 to 1997. In 1998, he was appointed Managing Director, Monetary
Authority of Singapore (Governor of the Central Bank). He had also held the appointments of Permanent Secretary, Ministry of
Health and National Development, and Second Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Finance (Budget and Revenue) between 1998
and 2001. He retired as the Managing Director, Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS), in June 2005, and remained a member
of the MAS Board until April 2011. He served as the Chairman of Central Provident Fund Board, the national pension fund for
all employees in bath the private and public sectors in Singapore, from 2005 to 2013. He was Singapore’s Non-Resident High
Commissioner to Canada from May 2008 to March 2013, and was Singapore's Ambassador (Non-Resident) to Greece since

from May 2013 to May 2020.

He had also served as the Chairman of the SMRT Corp that operates the train system, and buses and taxi services in Singapore,

and Chairman of the Cancer Sciences Institute of Singapore.

Mr. Koh is currently the Chairman of the Singapore Deposit Insurance Corporation.

=)
MS. SEAH YEN GOON

Ms. Seah Yen Goon has more than 30 years of working
experience in financial institutions including GE Commercial
Finance, which specialises in financing small and medium-
sized enterprises. She held senior position in Finance,
Operations, IT, overseeing operations in Singapore, Thailand
and Hong Kong. She was the Chief Financial Officer in charge
of the finance and controllership, strategic and financial
planning, funding and compliance.

She conducts training workshops at various institutions
and serves at the HR sub-committees of St. Luke's Hospital
and the Singapore Christian Home.

Ms. Seah is a Chartered Accountant (Singapore) who holds
a Bachelor of Accountancy degree from the University of
Singapore, now called the National University of Singapore
and an MBA degree (Business Law) from the Nanyang
Technological University.

MR. ONG TEONG HOON

Mr. Ong started working in the financial sector in 1977, first
as a Money Broker and then, after a year, with Standard
Chartered Bank, as a Management Trainee. For 25 years with
the Bank, he had been through all aspects of Commercial
Banking apart from Treasury function, and he ended his
banking career as Country Manager for the Bank in
Cambodia in 2002. This was after being the Bank’s Chief
Representative in Myanmar and before that, Regional
Manager, Asia Pacific Region covering Financial Institutions.

Soon after that, he joined Phillip Securities Pte Ltd and
covered various functions, including a stint in Phillip Securities
Thailand PLC as its acting CEQ, and was the Director of OTC
Capital prior to being assigned to KREDIT Microfinance in
2012. He is currently serving as Chairman of Phillip General
Insurance (Cambodia) Plc in addition to being shareholder
representative for both Phillip General Insurance (Cambodia)
Plc, Phillip Life Assurance (Cambodia) Plc, and Phillip Bank Plc.
Mr. Ong is also the Chairman of Phillip Trustee (Cambodia)
Co., Ltd.

Mr. Ong is a graduate from the University of Singapore with

a Bachelor of Business Administration and is an Associate
of the Chartered Institute of Bankers since 1978.

=
PROFILE OF MANAGEMENT

MR. CHAN MACH

Mr. Mach, the first local CEO of KREDIT Microfinance and
now Philip Bank, was promoted from his position as
Operations Manager in 2006. With a Bachelor of Mathe-
matics and experience as a math teacher, Mr. Mach joined
KREDIT Microfinance initially in 1999 as Auditor and Trainer.
His managerial potential was recognised and he became the
Phnom Penh Branch Manager in 2001. The branch flourished
and in 2003 he was appointed Operational Director. Under
his leadership, KREDIT Microfinance became sustainable
and tripled the portfolio, until its merger with Phillip Bank.

Mr. Mach received the Omega Performance certificate of
Commercial Loan to Business, and Advance Bank Risk
qualification from Moody Analytics. He has completed two
Master's Degrees: MBA and MFB. Mr. Mach is also a
qualified member of the Chartered Banker Institute. He has
attended numerous national and international courses
related to microfinance and banking. He is also a member
of the Association of Banks in Cambodia (ABC). After the
merger between Philip Bank and KREDIT Microfinance,
Mr. Mach was designated as the Chief Executive Officer of
the Bank.

@

ir

=
=

MR. LEE YONG MAN (MARK)

Mr. Lee is a seasoned banker with more than 40 years of
experience in the banking industry. His experience encom-
passes all aspects of banking including corporate, retail,
investment and digital banking. As an international banker,
Mr. Lee has worked in South Korea, Singapore, Hong Kong,
and Cambodia. He established PPCBank, Cambodia in
2008 and DGB Bank, Cambodia in 2009, respectively, and
served as CEO of DGB Bank until 2021. In March 2021, he
joined Phillip Bank as a member of the Senior Manage-
ment Team. In addition to his banking career, Mr. Lee
is the current Chairman of the Korean Chamber of
Commerce in Cambodia since 2018 and now in his third
term of office.

He graduated from the School of Business Administration,
Yonsei University, South Korea with a Master's Degree in
Economics. As part of his career enhancement, Mr. Lee
also successfully completed the Accelerated Development
Program of Booth School of The University of Chicago in
2016.
a

MS. SOK CHANTHEARA

Ms. Chantheara has more than 10 years of experience in
banking and finance. Before the merger, she was the CFO
at KREDIT Microfinance. She also worked as an auditor
with a Big Four accounting firm, in charge of financial
services, corporate, garment factories, as well as local and
international NGOs. Ms. Chantheara obtained two Bachelor
Degrees in Accounting and English Teaching in 2006 from
the Royal University of Law and Economics (RULE) and
Institute of Foreign Languages (IFL) respectively. In June
2013, she completed the ACCA programme from the UK
and was accepted as an ACCA member in the same year.
In September 2018, she became a fellow member of
FCCA.

MS. SRON SREYNEANG

Ms. Sreyneang graduated with a Bachelor's Degree in
Accounting from the Royal University of Laws and
Economics (RULE) in 2006 and completed her ACCA in
2019. Ms. Sreyneang started her career in 2006 and
worked as an Auditor for 6.5 years. She has been involved
in many industries including corporates, banks and NGOs.
She also worked for PwC Malaysia for 14 months on the
Secondment Programme. Ms. Sreyneang joined Phillip
Bank in April 2015 as Finance Manager and was later
redesignated as the Treasurer of the Bank.
|

MS. LILY SABRINA

Ms. Lily joined Phillip Bank Cambodia as Chief of Human
Resources in May 2020. She oversees the HR and Learning &
Development Departments. Lily brings with her over 25 years
of strategic and operational human resources experience
gained in both local and multinational companies, and
diverse sectors such as banking, property development,
property investment, manufacturing and healthcare.

Ms. Lily speaks English, Bahasa Malaysia, Mandarin, Hokkien
and Cantonese (Chinese dialects) and she possesses skill
sets in Change Management, Talent Management and
Organisational Development, in addition to industrial relations
experience.

Ms. Lily holds a Post Graduate Diploma in Human Resource
Management from Glasgow University and a Master's
Degree in Human Resource Management from Open
University Malaysia.

Le ey

MS. MAO SOKHOEURN

Ms. Sokhoeurn joined Phillip Bank as Chief of Card and
E-Operations in June 2022. Before joining Phillip Bank, she
had over 21 years of experience with various positions
at other Banks and MDI's, including Operations & Finance
Supervisor, Head of Credit Card, Head of Product Develop-
ment, Head of Digital Project Management, and Head of
Card & E-Payment.

Ms. Sokhoeurn holds a BBA in Accounting & Finance from
The National Institute of Management. She also obtained
other training and skills certificates from national and interna-
tional courses related to microfinance, banking, security,
and compliance.
MR. SOK KIMCHHAY

Mr. Kimchhay is the Chief Information Officer, focusing on
delivering innovative technology solutions to make financial
services that can be integrated seamlessly into everyday
life.

He oversees the application development, infrastructure,
security, and project management department with more
than 80 IT staff by leveraging a new development method-
ologies framework for application development to deliver
digital platforms such as payment gateway, merchant
management, payment hub, data warehouse, customer
360 view, dashboards, analytics report, ML credit rating,
and mobile platform to ensure the Banks technology
platform and resources are scaled according to the rapid
growth in demand in a very competative market.

He holds an MSIT Degree from Norton University and a
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science from the Royal
University of Phnom Penh. Besides this, he also obtained
other training and skills certificates from both national and
international courses related to microfinance, banking,
security, and compliance. He received an ASEAN CIO
AWARD as one of the most outstanding Chief Information
Officers in 2015 from IDG.

MR. BUN SOPHEAKTRA

Mr. Sopheaktra is the Chief Credit Officer, responsible for
overseeing Retail Loan Processing Center, Credit Risk
Management and Credit Admin Departments. Mr. Sopheaktra
started his career in banking sector in year 2005 and joined
with Phillip Bank in March 2015.

Mr. Sopheaktra was a scholarship student with a Bache-
lor’s Degree in Economics from Royal University of Law and
Economics in year 2004 and earned a Master's Degree
in Finance from Pannasastra University of Cambodia in
year 2007. In addition to his working experience, he is
also accredited with several nationally and internationally
recognised courses related to Credit and ACCA Programmes.

40)
a
y.- 5

MR. VINCENT YAP TONG YIN

Vincent is an accomplished banker with over 30 years in
banking. He had held senior positions at leading financial
institutions like Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Standard
Chartered Bank, Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi-UFJ, Fleet Boston
Bank, and Malayan Banking. He has led and managed
sales teams, relationship management, retail and corporate
products development, virtual banking, branch banking,
cash management, trade, and supply chain finance, and
executed in-country business strategies under his portfolios.

Prior joining Phillip Bank, he held the position as the digital
trade finance independent Consultant and Advisor to VCargo
Cloud Singapore [a leading Inforcomm Technology (ICT)
solutions and service provider in Asia], and Monetary
Authority of Singapore [MAS] (2018-2019), where he
provided consultations to the top global banks participated
in the National Trade Project, namely BNPP, SCB, ANZ,
ICBC, UOB, DBS, OCBC, MUFG, and HSBC to build a
multi-bank trade finance single sign-in applications portal
(the “CamelONE Platform”).

Vincent was also the Director for APAC to MITIGRAM AB, a Swedish company that provides a web-based digital marketplace
for risk coverage and financing of global trade (the “MITIGRAM Platform”) as their Independent Consultant (2018-2019) before
he releases himself from his independent consultancy obligations to join Phillip Bank.

Driven by his passion for building innovation in banking, he took up the new challenge when he was invited to join Phillip Bank
in Nov 2019. Prior to his current new position, Vincent had helped to restore e-Channels Banking, bringing with him revolutionary
strategies, changes, ideas, and desires to maximise customer's experience in doing banking online with Phillip Bank (2019-2023).

Vincent graduated with a B.A. Economic Degree (Hon) from the University of York, United Kingdom (1982).

“1
)

I,

MR. ROM VANARA

Mr. Vanara has more than 20 years of experience in micro
finance and banking. After merged, he was promoted to be
Chief of MSME and Provinces Branch Management,
responsible for overseeing and supervising provinces
branch performance management, MSME Loan department,
Micro Loan department, Micro & MSME loan recovery
department, and branches channel department which is
responsible for growing the deposit and non-loan products
in the provinces.

He obtained a Diploma in Accounting and Finance, and
a Bachelor's Degree in English Literature at Build Bright
University. In 2010, he graduated with a Master's Degree
in Finance and Banking from Build Bright University and
completed the recognition international course of Commercial
Loan to Business which was certified by Omega Performance
U.S and obtained a certificate from Moody's Analytics in
2019. He also attended numerous national, and international
courses related to microfinance and banking such as
Managing MFI/Bank, Banking Products and Services,
Advanced Risk Management, Operations Management,
Credit Risk Management, Branch Management, Advanced
Management and Leadership, Business Development
Process, Business Law and Contract Law, Digital Banking
Transformation, Fund Management, and Data Analytics.
PHILLIP BANK
ORGANISATION CHART

Board of Directors

Nomination & Risk Management
Remuneration Committee BN Committee ~~ TTTTTTTTTTTTTOUT H VTTTTTTTTT Tm mn nm
— Risk Dept

L—— Compliance Dept

mm mm CEO
Deputy CEQ
MSME — Treasury -— Finance -— Retail Banking — Human Resource
. Finance Project HR Operations
Micro — ALCO — — —]
i 8 PPE Consumer Loans 8 Services
MFI/MSME . . Learning &
Loan Recovery pecciing RE oleic) oat uy Development
| Money Market Reporting & Retail Loan
—mSSECiEie SSE Operations/FX ~~ Reconciliation | Processing Centre |
Corporate i. .
° Administration =~ — Contact Centre —
Banking
SME Banking — Bancassurance _|
a Marketing
Babies ] Communications |
CASA /TD — ATM Strategy  —
IATidy _ Customer Service —
Banking
Branch

Management

Shareholder's
Representative & Director

SRR RRR Audit Committee

Audit Dept
Credit
Committee
ExCo
. Card & Information
| Credit | Bane — E-Channel Sales — Technology
Do Card Branches Management
BN Cedi Hist [Management BN Merchants [Information System
Credit E-Business Merchant Acquisition [TT np
Administration WN Support —  & Campaigns BN
. E-Operation / ; Project
— Branch Operation —| Internet Banking le (EEE — Management Office
Product Billers & .
|— Branch Support RENE a — Schools Security —
Transaction i. .
Be Digital Banking —]
Core Banking .
Support Innovation
Branch _ .
Gera Digital Marketing
Company Research &
Secretariat BB Development
Legal
FINANCIALS

Report of the Board of Directors and

Audited financial statements in accordance with
Cambodian International Financial Reporting Standards
as at 31 December 2022 and for the year then ended

® Report of the board of directors 46
® Independent auditor's report 51
®» Statement of financial position 54
= Statement of comprehensive income 56
® Statement of changes in equity 57
® Statement of cash flows 58

® Notes to the financial statements 60

REPORT OF THE BOARD OF
DIRECTORS

The Board of Directors submits this report, together with the financial statements of Phillip Bank Plc. (“the Bank”) as at
31 December 2022 and for the year then ended.

THE BANK

The Bank was incorporated on 26 June 2009 under the Cambodian Law on Commercial Enterprises and licensed
under the regulations of the National Bank of Cambodia (“NBC”). The Bank is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Phillip MFIS
Pte Ltd.

The Bank is engaged in the provision of banking and related financial services in the Kingdom of Cambodia.

There was no significant change in the principal activities of the Bank during the year.

FINANCIAL RESULTS

The Bank's financial performance for the year ended 31 December 2022 is set out in the statement of comprehensive
income.

DIVIDENDS

No dividend was declared or paid during the year, as the Board of Directors continues to re-invest in the growth of the
company for the benefit of all stakeholders, including serving customers better.

SHARE CAPITAL

The Bank's share capital as at 31 December 2022 was US$ 75,000,000 or KHR'000 300,765,000 (2021: US$ 75,000,000
or KHR'000 300,765,000) by way of issuance of shares with par value of US$ 1 per share. All shares are issued and fully paid.

RESERVE AND PROVISIONS

There were no other movements to or from reserves and provisions during the financial year other than those disclosed in
the financial statements.
EXPECTED CREDIT LOSSES ON LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS

Before the financial statements of the Bank were prepared, the Board of Directors took reasonable steps to ascertain that
actions had been taken in relation to writing off bad loans and in recognising the provision for expected credit losses, and
satisfied themselves that all known bad loans had been written off and reasonable allowance had been made for expected
credit losses.

At the date of this report, the Board of Directors is not aware of any circumstances, which would render the amount written
off for bad loans, or the amount of allowance for expected credit losses in the financial statements of the Bank, inadequate
in any material respects.

ASSETS

Before the financial statements of the Bank were prepared, the Board of Directors took reasonable steps to ensure that any
assets, other than debts, which were unlikely to be realised in the ordinary course of business at their value as shown in the
accounting records of the Bank had been written down to an amount which they might be expected to realise.

At the date of this report, the Board of Directors is not aware of any circumstances, which would render the values attributed
to the assets in the financial statements of the Bank misleading.

VALUATION METHODS

At the date of this report, the Board of Directors is not aware of any circumstances which have arisen that would render
adherence to the existing method of valuation of assets and liabilities in the financial statements of the Bank as misleading or
inappropriate.

CONTINGENT AND OTHER LIABILITIES

At the date of this report, there does not exist:

(a) any charge on the assets of the Bank which has arisen since the end of the financial year which secures the liabilities
of any other person, or

(b) any contingent liability in respect of the Bank that has arisen since the end of the financial year other than in the
ordinary course of banking business.
No contingent or other liability of the Bank has become enforceable, or is likely to become enforceable within the period
of twelve months after the end of the financial year which, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, will or may substan-
tially affect the ability of the Bank to meet its obligations as and when they fall due.

CHANGE OF CIRCUMSTANCES

At the date of this report, the Board of Directors is not aware of any circumstances, not otherwise dealt with in this report
or the financial statements of the Bank, which would render any amount stated in the financial statements misleading.

ITEMS OF UNUSUAL NATURE

The results of the operations of the Bank for the financial year were not, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, substan-
tially affected by any item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature.

There has not arisen in the interval between the end of the financial year and the date of this report any item, transaction
or event of a material and unusual nature that likely, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, to affect substantially the
results of the operations of the Bank for the current financial year in which this report is made.

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
Other than as disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, there have been no significant events occurring between

the end of the reporting period and the date of authorisation of the financial statements, which would require adjust-
ments or disclosures to be made in the financial statements.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The members of the Board of Directors of the Bank who served during the year and at the date of this report are:

Mr. Lim Hua Min Chairman

Mr. Ong Teong Hoon Director

Mr. Chan Mach Director and Chief Executive Officer

Mr. Paul Gwee Choon Guan Independent Director

Ms. Seah Yen Goon Independent Director

Mr. Koh Yong Guan Independent Director

Mr. Pen Chanda Independent Director (Appointed on 21 March 2023)
AUDITOR

Ernst & Young (Cambodia) Ltd. is the auditor of the Bank.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS

Mr. Lim Hua Min, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, holds 85% share in Phillip MFIS PTE LTD.

DIRECTORS’ BENEFITS

During and at the end of the financial year, no arrangements existed to which the Bank is a party with the object of
enabling Directors of the Bank to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Bank or
any other corporate entity.

Since the end of the previous financial year, no Director of the Bank has received or become entitled to receive any
benefit (other than a benefit included in the aggregate amount of emoluments received or due and receivable by the
Directors as disclosed in the financial statements) by reason of a contract made by the Bank or a related corporation
with a firm of which the Director is a member, or with a Bank in which the Director has a substantial financial interest
other than as disclosed in the financial statements.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

The Board of Directors is responsible for ascertaining that the financial statements give true and fair view of the financial
position of the Bank as at 31 December 2022, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the year then ended
in accordance with Cambodian International Financial Reporting Standards (“CIFRSs”). The Board of Directors oversees

preparation of these financial statements by management who is required to:

(i) Adopt appropriate accounting policies which are supported by reasonable and prudent judgments and estimates
and then apply them consistently;

(i) Comply with CIFRSs or, if there have been any departures in the interest of fair presentation, these have been appro-
priately disclosed, explained and quantified in the financial statements;

(i) Maintain adequate accounting records and an effective system of internal controls;
(iv) Prepare the financial statements on a going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to assume that the Bank will
continue operations in the foreseeable future; and

(v) Effectively control and direct the Bank in all material decisions affecting the operations and performance and
ascertain that these have been properly reflected in the financial statements.

Management is responsible for ensuring that proper accounting records are kept which disclose, with reasonable
accuracy at any time, the financial position of the Bank and to ensure that the accounting records comply with the
applicable accounting system. It is also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Bank and for taking reasonable
steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

The Board of Directors confirms that the Bank has complied with the above requirements in preparing the financial

statements.
APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

We hereby approve the accompanying financial statements which give a true and fair view of the financial position of the
Bank as at 31 December 2022, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance
with CIFRSs.

On behalf of the Board of Directors:

: ~~ Co —
fi Prien sRm ————

- a -
RE) "
Head Office——2)

ONG TEONG HOON

Director and Shareholder’s Representative
Phnom Penh, Kingdom of Cambodia

29 March 2023
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S
R = PO RT (To the Shareholders of Phillio Bank Fic.)

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Phillip Bank Plc. (“the Bank”), which comprise the statement of financial
position as at 31 December 2022, and the statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and
statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant
accounting policies.

In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Bank as
at 31 December 2022, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Cam-
bodian International Financial Reporting Standards (“CIFRSs”).

Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Cambodian International Standards on Auditing (“CISAs”). Our responsibilities
under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
section of our report. We are independent of the Bank in accordance with the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants
and Auditors issued by the Ministry of Economy and Finance of Cambodia, together with the ethical requirements that
are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Cambodia, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities
in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate
to provide a basis for our opinion.

Information Other than the Financial Statements and Auditor's Report Thereon

The other information obtained at the date of the auditor's report is the Report of Board of Directors. Management is
responsible for the other information.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance
conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing
$0, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge
obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have
nothing to report in this regard.

(=)
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial
Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with
CIFRSs, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Bank's ability to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless management either intends to liquidate the Bank or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charge with governance is responsible for overseeing the Bank's financial reporting process.
Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors report that includes our opinion. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with CISAs will
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstaterments can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with CISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

B® |dentify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

® Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate

in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Bank's internal
control.

(2)
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
related disclosures made by management.

Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
significant doubt on the Bank's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the financial statements
or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence
obtained up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Bank to cease
to continue as a going concern.

Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and
whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
presentation.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing

of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during

our audit.

dp { Waal ie wie Gosgm)
A

& VOUNG ChB

Emmanuel A. Guelas

Partner

Ernst & Young (Cambodia) Ltd.
Certified Public Accountants
Registered Auditors

Phnom Penh, Kingdom of Cambodia
29 March 2023

(=)
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
PO S IT] O N (as at 31 December 2022)

ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents

Placements with other financial institutions
Statutory deposits

Loans and advances to customers
Investment in an associate

Financial assets at fair value through other
comprehensive income

Property and equipment

Right-of-use assets

Intangible assets

Deferred tax assets

Other assets

TOTAL ASSETS

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER’S EQUITY

LIABILITIES

Deposits from other financial institutions
Deposits from customers

Borrowings

Lease liabilities

Income tax payable

Deferred tax liabilities

Other liabilities

TOTAL LIABILITIES

SHAREHOLDER’S EQUITY

Share capital
Other reserves

C 31 December 2022 )

q 31 December 2021 )

Notes uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000
(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

5 72,913,894 300,186,502 53,894,350 219,565,582
6 262,397 1,080,288 895,995 3,650,284
7 42,591,664 175,349,881 35,890,436 146,217,636
8 582,611,307 2,398,610,751 517,285,949 2,107,422,956
9 490,000 2,017,330 - -
42,500 174,973 42,500 173,145

10 7,209,764 29,682,598 4,884,500 19,899,453
11 10,370,446 42,695,126 8,593,406 35,009,536
12 1,833,235 7,547,428 1,848,726 7,531,710
18 - - 494,219 2,013,448
13 2,753,675 11,336,880 1,844,683 7,515,239
721,078,882 2,968,681,757 625,674,764 2,548,998,989

14 54,790,080 225,570,759 71,583,842 291,428,872
15 453,088,610 1,865,365,807 346,986,693 1,413,623,787
16 45,768,075 188,427,165 52,057,958 212,084,121
17 9,860,478 40,595,588 8,088,018 32,950,585
18 1,194,668 4,918,448 2,002,306 8,157,395
18 781,315 3,216,674 - -
19 3,704,681 15,252,172 3,640,497 14,831,386
569,187,907 2,343,346,613 484,309,314 1,973,076,146

20
20

300,765,000
108,928,847

75,000,000
25,490,274

75,000,000
25,490,274

300,765,000
108,923,847
Regulatory reserve
Retained eamings
Cumulative exchange differences on translation

TOTAL SHAREHOLDER’S EQUITY

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND
SHAREHOLDER’S EQUITY

C 31 December 2022 ) q 31 December 2021 )

Notes uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000
(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

20 13,044,620 53,120,272 7,679,453 31,192,834
38,356,081 156,200,517 33,195,723 135,110,135

- 11,325,508 - 4,931,027

151,890,975 625,335,144 141,365,450 575,922,843
721,078,882 2,968,681,757 625,674,764 2,548,998,989

The attached notes 1 to 36 form part of these financial statements.
STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE
| N CO \V] = (for the year ended 31 December 2022)

Interest income
Interest expense

Net interest income

Net fees and commission income
Other income

Total operating income

Personnel expenses

Depreciation and amortisation
Promotion and marketing

General and administrative expenses
Total operating expenses
Operating income before impairment
Provision for expected credit losses
INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX
Income tax expense

NET INCOME FOR THE YEAR
Other comprehensive income

Exchange difference on translation

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE YEAR

Notes

21
22

56,8

18

4 2022 ) q 2021 )
uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000

(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

73,054,300 302051261  67,714212 275461414
(7.463.014) (112,041,338) (22,331,088) (90,842,866)
46,491,295 190,000,923 45383124 184,618,548
2,008,806 8,200,990 1682237 6,843,340
297,852 1,017,321 230,683 938,418
48,797,953  199.437.234  47.006,044 192,400,306
(18,876,861) (77,149,731)  (17.758055) (72,239,768)
(4578840) (18,713,719) (3.819.615) (15,538,194)
(0.8307,513) (9,430,806)  (1,648467) (6,705,964)
(6191823) (33479981) (7,002,703) (28,486,996)
(33,955,087) (138,774,237) (30,228,840) (122,970,922)
14842016 60,662,097  17.067.204 69,429,384
(1059,744) (4,331,174) (2,227,787) (9,062,638)
13783172 56,331,823  14.839.417 60,366,746
(3.257.647) (13,314,003 (3,169,872) (12,895,039)
10,505,525 43,017,820 11669545 47,471,707
- 6,304,481 - 3831200
10,505,525 49412301 11669545 51,802,907

The attached notes 1 to 36 form part of these financial statements.
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN
EQ U TY (for the year ended 31 December 2022)

As at 1 January 2022
Transfer to regulatory
reserve

Total comprehensive

income for the year

As at 31 December 2022

As at 1 January 2021
Transfer to regulatory
reserve

Total comprehensive

income for the year

As at 31 December 2021

Cumulative

exchange

differences on

Share capital Other reserves Regulated reserve Retained earnings translation Total
uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000 KHR’000 uss KHR’000
(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)
75,000,000 300,765,000 25,490,274 103,923,847 7,679,453 31,192,834 33,195,723 135,110,135 4,931,027 141,365,450 575,922,843
- - - - 5,365,167 21,927,438 (5,365,167) (21,927,438) - - -
- - - - - - 10,525,525 43,017,820 6,394,481 10,525,525 49,412,301
75,000,000 300,765,000 25,490,274 103,923,847 13,044,620 53,120,272 38,356,081 156,200,517 11,325,508 151,890,975 625,335,144
75,000,000 300,765,000 25,490,274 103,923,847 4,501,033 18,263,021 24,704,598 100,568,241 1,099,827 129,695,905 524,619,936
- - - - 3,178,420 12,929,813 (3,178,420) (12,929,813) - - -
- - - - - - 11,669,545 47,471,707 3,831,200 11,669,545 51,302,907
75,000,000 300,765,000 25,490,274 103,923,847 7,679,453 31,192,834 33,195,723 135,110,135 4,931,027 141,365,450 575,922,843

The attached notes 1 to 36 form part of these financial statements.
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

(for the year ended 31 December 2022)

OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Income before income tax

Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortisation
Provision for expected credit losses
Loss on:
Write off of property and equipment
Early termination of leases
Gains on disposal of property and equipment

Net cash flows from operating activities
before changes in operating assets and
liabilities

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Placements with other financial institutions
Loans and advances to customers
Statutory deposits
Other assets
Deposits from other financial institutions
Deposits from customers
Other liabilities

Net cash provided by (used in) operations
Income taxes paid

Net cash provided by (used in) operating
activities

Note

26
56,8

10

1,17
10

18

4 2022

) C

2021 )

uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000

(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

13,783,172 56,331,823 14,839,417 60,366,746
4,578,840 18,718,719 3,819,615 15,538,194
1,059,744 4,331,174 2,227,787 9,062,638
19,790 80,882 12,007 48,844
41,723 170,622 3,481 14,161
(33,230) (135,811) (86,757) (352,927)
19,450,039 79,492,309 20,815,550 84,677,656
641,732 2,622,759 99,800 405,986
(66,382,811) (271,306,549) (43,928,881) (178,702,688)
(6,701,228) (27,387,919) 4,045,843 16,458,489
(1,345,334) (5,498,380) (1,146,605) (4,664,389)
(16,743,762) (68,431,755) (17,786,917) (72,357,178)
106,101,917 433,638,535 (15,292,338) (62,209,231)
64,184 262,320 664,500 2,703,186
35,084,737 148,391,320 (62,629,048) (213,688,169)
2,789,751) (11,401,712) (1,935,046) (7,871,767)
32,294,986 131,989,608 (54,464,094) (221,559,936)

INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Acquisition of:

Property and equipment

Intangible assets

Investment in an associate
Proceeds from disposal of property and
equipment

Net cash used in investing activities

FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Payment of principal portion of lease liabilities
Proceeds from borrowings
Repayments of borrowings

Net cash used in financing activities

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash
equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
Exchange difference on translation

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

OPERATIONAL CASH FLOWS FROM
INTEREST

Interest received

Interest paid

Note

10
12

17
16
16

4 2022

) C

2021 )

uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000

(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

(4,380,843) (17,904,505) (2,410,059) (9,804,120)
(578,940) (2,366,128) (397,125) (1,615,505)
(490,000) (2,002,630) - -
33,230 135,811 86,757 352,927
(5,416,553) (22,137,452) (2,720,427) (11,066,698)
(1,558,582) (6,369,925) (1,577,644) (6,417,856)
39,083,176 159,732,940 24,284,228 98,788,240
(45,373,059) (185,439,692) (25,805,195) (104,975,533)
(7,848,465) (32,076,677) (3,098,611) (12,605,149)
19,029,968 77,775,479 (60,283,132) (245,231,783)
53,910,196 219,630,139 114,193,328 461,912,012
- 2,889,037 - 2,949,910
72,940,164 300,294,655 53,910,196 219,630,139
72,312,832 295,542,546 66,798,219 271,735,155
23,753,070 97,078,799 21,278,704 86,561,768

The attached notes 1 to 36 form part of these financial statements.
NOTE TO THE FINANCIAL
STATE \V] = NTS (as at 31 December 2022 and for the year then ended)

1. CORPORATE INFORMATION
Establishment and operations

The Bank was incorporated on 26 June 2009 under the Cambodian Law on Commercial Enterprises and licensed under
the regulations of the National Bank of Cambodia (“NBC”).

The Bank received the renewed NBC license for an indefinite period on 4 March 2015. The Bank is engaged in the provision
of comprehensive banking and related financial services in the Kingdom of Cambodia in accordance with Registration
No. Co. 5915/09E issued by the Ministry of Commerce. On 11 February 2016, the Bank obtained Registration No.
00000292 from the Ministry of Commerce.

There is no significant change in the principal activities of the Bank during the year.

Location

The registered office of the Bank is located at No. 27DEFG, Monivong Blvd, Sangkat Srah Chork, Khan Daun Penh,
Phnom Penh, Kingdom of Cambodia.

Employees
As at 31 December 2022, the Bank had 1,966 employees (31 December 2021: 1,985 employees).

2. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The financial statements of the Bank have been prepared on historical cost basis, except for any financial assets and
financial liabilities that have been measured at fair value.

2.1. Basis of preparation

The Bank's financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the Cambodian International Financial Reporting
Standards (“CIFRSs”).
2.2. Fiscal year
The Bank's fiscal year starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December.
2.3. Foreign currency translation

The national currency of Cambodia is the Khmer Riel (‘KHR”). However, as the Bank transacts its business and maintains
its accounting records primarily in United States dollar (“US$”), management has determined the US$ to be the Bank's
functional currency as it reflects the economic substance of the underlying events and circumstances of the Bank.

2.3.1. Presentation currency
The financial statements are presented in US$, which is the Bank's functional and presentation currency.
2.3.2. Transactions and balances

Transactions in currencies other than US$ are translated into US$ at the foreign exchange rate ruling at the date of the
transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than US$ which are outstanding at the
reporting date are translated into US$ at the rate of exchange ruling at that date. Exchange differences arising on
translation are recognized in profit or loss.

2.3.3. Translation of US$ in KHR

The translation of the US$ amounts into thousands KHR (“KHR'000”) is presented in the financial statements to comply
with the Law on Accounting and Auditing.

Assets and liabilities included in the statement of financial position are translated at the closing rate prevailing at the end
of each reporting date, whereas income and expense items presented in the statement of comprehensive income are
translated at the average rate for the year then ended. All resulting exchange differences are recognized in the statement
of comprehensive income. Such translation should not be construed as a representation that the US$ amounts represent,
or have been or could be, converted into KHR at that or any other rate. All values in KHR are rounded to the nearest
thousand (“KHR’000"), except if otherwise indicated.
The financial statements are presented in KHR based on the applicable exchange rates per US$1 as follows:

( 2022 )C 2021 )

Closing rate 4,117 4,074
Average rate 4,087 4,068

3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the previous financial year, except that the Bank has
adopted the following new accounting pronouncements starting 1 January 2022.

(i) Onerous Contract — Costs of Fulfilling a Contract — Amendments to CIAS 37

An onerous contract is a contract under which the unavoidable of meeting the obligations under the contract costs (i.e.,
the costs that the Company cannot avoid because it has the contract) exceed the economic benefits expected to be
received under it.

The amendments specify that when assessing whether a contract is onerous or loss-making, an entity needs to include
costs that relate directly to a contract to provide goods or services including both incremental costs (e.g., the costs of
direct labour and materials) and an allocation of costs directly related to contract activities (e.g., depreciation of equipment
used to fulfil the contract and costs of contract management and supervision). General and administrative costs do not
relate directly to a contract and are excluded unless they are explicitly chargeable to the counterparty under the
contract.

(i) Reference to Conceptual Framework — Amendments to CIFRS 3

The amendments replace a reference to a previous version of the Conceptual Framework with a reference to the current
version issued in March 2018 without significantly changing its requirements.

The amendments add an exception to the recognition principle of CIFRS 3 Business Combinations to avoid the issue of
potential ‘day 2’ gains or losses arising for liabilities and contingent liabilities that would be within the scope of CIAS 37
Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets or C-IFRIC 21 Levies, if incurred separately. The exception
requires entities to apply the criteria in IAS 37 or IFRIC 21, respectively, instead of the Conceptual Framework, to determine
whether a present obligation exists at the acquisition date.

The amendments also add a new paragraph to IFRS 3 to clarify that contingent assets do not qualify for recognition at
the acquisition date.
In accordance with the transitional provisions, the Company applies the amendments prospectively, i.e., to business
combinations occurring after the beginning of the annual reporting period in which it first applies the amendments (the
date of initial application).

These amendments had no impact on the financial statements of the Company as there were no contingent assets or
contingent liabilities within the scope of these amendments that arose during the period.

(iii) Property, Plant and Equipment; Proceeds before Intended Use — Amendments to CIAS 16 Leases

The amendment prohibits entities from deducting from the cost of an item of property, plant and equipment, any
proceeds of the sale of items produced while bringing that asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be
capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Instead, an entity recognizes the proceeds from selling
such items, and the costs of producing those items, in profit or loss.

In accordance with the transitional provisions, the Company applies the amendments retrospectively only to items of
PP&E made available for use on or after the beginning of the earliest period presented when the entity first applies the
amendment (the date of initial application).

These amendments had no impact on the financial statements of the Company as there were no sales of such items
produced by property, plant and equipment made available for use on or after the beginning of the earliest period
presented.

(iv) CIFRS 1 First-time Adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards - Subsidiary as a first-time adopter

The amendment permits a subsidiary that elects to apply paragraph D16(a) of CIFRS 1 to measure cumulative translation
differences using the amounts reported in the parent's consolidated financial statements, based on the parent's date of
transition to CIFRS, if no adjustments were made for consolidation procedures and for the effects of the business
combination in which the parent acquired the subsidiary. This amendment is also applied to an associate or joint venture
that elects to apply paragraph D16(a) of CIFRS 1.

(v) CIFRS 9 Financial Instruments - Fees in the "10 per cent’ test for derecognition of financial liabilities
The amendment clarifies the fees that an entity includes when assessing whether the terms of a new or modified financial
liability are substantially different from the terms of the original financial liability. These fees include only those paid or

received between the borrower and the lender, including fees paid or received by either the borrower or lender on the
other's behalf. There is no similar amendment proposed for CIAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement.
In accordance with the transitional provisions, the Company applies the amendment to financial liabilities that are modified
or exchanged on or after the beginning of the annual reporting period in which the entity first applies the amendment
(the date of initial application). These amendments had no impact on the financial statements of the Company as there
were no modifications of the Company's financial instruments during the period.

(vi) CIAS 41 Agriculture — Taxation in fair value measurements

The amendment removes the requirement in paragraph 22 of CIAS 41 that entities exclude cash flows for taxation when
measuring fair value of assets within the scope of CIAS 41.

These amendments had no impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group as it did not have assets in
scope of CIAS 41 as at the reporting date.

3.1. Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and bank balances, demand deposits and short-term highly liquid invest-
ments with original maturities of three months or less when purchased, and that are readily convertible to known
amounts of cash and subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.

3.2. Placements with other financial institutions

Placements with other financial institutions comprise term deposits which are intended to be held for more than three
(8) months. Placements are stated at amortized cost using the effective interest method less impairment for any
uncollectable amounts.

3.3. Statutory deposits

Statutory deposits included in balances with the NBC are maintained in compliance with the Cambodian Law on Banking
and Financial Institutions and are determined by the defined percentage of the minimum share capital and the customers’
deposits as required by NBC.

3.4. Financial assets and financial liabilities

3.4.1. Recognition and initial measurement

The Bank initially recognizes loans and advances on the date on which they are originated. All other financial assets are
recognized on the date on which the Bank become a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
A financial asset or financial liability is measured initially at fair value plus, for an item not at financial assets at fair value
through profit or loss (FVTPL), transaction costs that are directly attributable to its acquisition or issue.

3.4.2. Classification
Financial assets

Oninitial recognition, a financial asset is classified and measured at: amortized cost, financial assets at fair value through
other comprehensive income (FVOCI) or FVTPL.

A financial asset is measured at amortized cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at
FVTPL:

B The asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows; and
m The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are SPPI.

A debt instrument is measured at FVOCI only if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at
FVTPL:

B The asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and
selling financial assets; and
m The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are SPPI.

On initial recognition of an equity investments that is not held for trading, the Bank may irrevocably elect to present
subsequent changes in fair value in OCI. This election is made on an investment-by-investment basis.

In addition, on initial recognition, the Bank may irrevocably designate a financial asset that otherwise meets the requirements
to be measured at amortized cost or at FVOClI as at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting
mismatch that would otherwise arise.

Assessment of whether contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest
For the purposes of this assessment, ‘principal’ is defined as the fair value of the financial asset on initial recognition.
‘Interest’ is defined as consideration for the time value of money and for the credit risk associated with the principal

amount outstanding during a particular period of time and for other basic lending risks and costs (e.g. liquidity risk and
administrative costs), as well as profit margin.
In assessing whether the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI), the Bank consider the
contractual terms of the instrument. This includes assessing whether the financial asset contains a contractual term that could
change the timing or amount of contractual cash flows such that it would not meet this condition.

In making the assessment, the Bank considers:

contingent events that would change the amount and timing of cash flows;

leverage features;

prepayment and extension terms;

terms that limit the Bank's claim to cash flows from specified assets (e.g. non-recourse loans); and

features that modify consideration of the time value of money (e.g. periodical reset of interest rates).
Business model assessment

The Bank makes an assessment of the objective of a business model in which an asset is held at a portfolio level because
this best reflects the way the business is managed and information is provided to management. The information considered
includes:

Bm The stated policies and objectives for the portfolio and the operation of those policies in practice. In particular, whether
management's strategy focuses on earning contractual interest revenue, maintaining a particular interest rate profile,
matching the duration of the financial assets to the duration of the liabilities that are funding those assets or realising
cash flows through the sale of the assets;

B® How the performance of the portfolio is evaluated and reported to the Bank's management;

m The risks that affect the performance of the business model (and the financial assets held within that business model)
and its strategy for how those risks are managed;

Bm How managers of the business are compensated (e.g. whether compensation is based on the fair value of the assets
managed or the contractual cash flows collected); and

The frequency, volume and timing of sales in prior periods, the reasons for such sales and its expectations about future
sales activity. However, information about sales activity is not considered in isolation, but as part of an overall assessment
of how the Bank's stated objective for managing the financial assets is achieved and how cash flows are realised.

Financial assets that are held for trading or managed and whose performance is evaluated on a fair value basis are

measured at FVTPL because they are neither held to collect contractual cash flows nor held both to collect contractual
cash flows and to sell financial assets.
Non-recourse loans

In some cases, loans made by the Bank that are secured by collateral of the borrower limit the Bank's claim to cash
flows of the underlying collateral (non-recourse loans). The Bank apply judgment in assessing whether the non-recourse
loans meet the SPPI criterion. The Bank typically considers the following information when making this judgement:

B whether the contractual arrangement specifically defines the amounts and dates of the cash payments of the
loan;
m the fair value of the collateral relative to the amount of the secured financial asset;

The Bank typically considers the following information when making this judgement:

mB the ability and willingness of the borrower to make contractual payments, notwithstanding a decline in the value
of collateral;

whether the borrower is an individual or a substantive operating entity or is a special-purpose entity;

the Bank's risk of loss on the asset relative to a full-recourse loan;

the extent to which the collateral represents all or a substantial portion of the borrower’s assets; and

whether the Bank will benefit from any upside from the underlying assets.

Reclassifications

Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition, except in the period after the Bank changes
its business model for managing financial assets.

3.4.3. Derecognition
Financial assets

The Bank derecognize a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or
it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows in a transaction in which substantially all of the risks and
rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred or in which the Bank neither transfer nor retain substantially
all of the risks and rewards of ownership and it does not retain control of the financial asset.

On derecognition of a financial asset, the difference between the carrying amount of the asset (or the carrying amount
allocated to the portion of the asset derecognized) and the sum of (i) the consideration received (including any new asset
obtained less any new liability assumed) and (ii) any cumulative gain or loss that had been recognized in OCI is recognized
in profit and loss.
Financial liabilities

The Bank derecognizes a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged, cancelled or expired.

3.4.4. Modifications of financial assets and financial liabilities

Financial assets

If the terms of a financial asset are modified, then the Bank evaluates whether the cash flows of the modified asset are

substantially different.

If the cash flows are substantially different, then the contractual rights to cash flows from the original financial asset are

deemed to have expired. In this case, the original financial asset is derecognized and a new financial asset is recognized

at fair value plus any eligible transaction costs.

Any fees received as part of the modification are accounted for as follows:

Fees that are considered in determining the fair value of the new asset and fees that represent reimbursement of
eligible transaction costs are included in the initial measurement of the asset; and

Other fees are included in profit and loss as part of the gain or loss on derecognition.

If cash flows are modified when the borrower is in financial difficulties, then the objective of the modification is usually
to maximise recovery of the original contractual terms rather than to originate a new asset with substantially different
terms. If the Bank plan to modify a financial asset in a way that would result in forgiveness of cash flows, then it first
considers whether a portion of the asset should be written off before the modification takes place (see Note 3.5.9
for write-off policy). This approach impacts the result of the quantitative evaluation and means that the derecognition
criteria are not usually met in such cases.

If the modification of a financial asset measured at amortized cost or FVOCI does not result in derecognition of the
financial asset, then the Bank first recalculate the gross carrying amount of the financial asset using the original
effective interest rate of the asset and recognize the resulting adjustment as a modification gain or loss in profit and
loss. For floating-rate financial assets, the original effective interest rate used to calculate the modification gain or
loss is adjusted to reflect current market terms at the time of the modification. Any costs or fees incurred and fees
received as part of the modification adjust the gross carrying amount of the modified financial asset and are amor-
tized over the remaining term of the modified financial asset.

If such a modification is carried out because of financial difficulties of the borrower, then the gain or loss is presented
together with impairment losses. In other cases, it is presented as interest income calculated using the effective

interest rate method.
Financial liabilities

The Bank derecognizes a financial liability when its terms are modified and the cash flows of the modified liability are
substantially different. In this case, a new financial liability based on the modified terms is recognized at fair value. The
difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognized and consideration paid is recognized in
profit and loss.

Consideration paid includes non-financial assets transferred, if any, and the assumption of liabilities, including the new
modified financial liability. If the modification of a financial liability is not accounted for as derecognition, then the amortized
cost of the liability is recalculated by discounting the modified cash flows at the original effective interest rate and the
resulting gain or loss is recognized in profit and loss.

For floating-rate financial liabilities, the original effective interest rate used to calculate the modification gain or loss is
adjusted to reflect current market terms at the time of the modification.

Any costs and fees incurred are recognized as an adjustment to the carrying amount of the liability and amortized over
the remaining term of the modified financial liability by re-computing the effective interest rate on the instrument.

3.4.5. Offsetting

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset, and the net amount is presented in the statement of financial position
when, and only when, the Bank have enforceable legal right to set off the amounts and it intends either to settle them
on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

3.4.6. Fair value measurement

‘Fair value’ is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date in the principal or, in its absence, the most advantageous market
to which the Bank have access at that date.

The fair value of a liability reflects its non-performance risk. When one is available, the Bank measures the fair value of
an instrument using the quoted price in an active market for that instrument. A market is regarded as ‘active’ if transactions
for the asset or liability take place with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing
basis.

If there is no quoted price in an active market, then the Bank use valuation techniques that maximise the use of relevant
observable inputs and minimise the use of unobservable inputs. The chosen valuation technique incorporates all of the
factors that market participants would take into account in pricing a transaction.
The best evidence of the fair value of a financial instrument on initial recognition is normally the transaction price - i.e. the
fair value of the consideration given or received. If the Bank determines that the fair value on initial recognition differs from
the transaction price and the fair value is evidenced neither by a quoted price in an active market for an identical asset
or liability nor based on a valuation technique for which any unobservable inputs are judged to be insignificant in relation
to the measurement, then the financial instrument is initially measured at fair value, adjusted to defer the difference
between the fair value on initial recognition and the transaction price.

Subsequently, that difference is recognized in profit and loss on an appropriate basis over the life of the instrument but
no later than when the valuation is wholly supported by observable market data or the transaction is closed out. If an
asset or a liability measured at fair value has a bid price and an ask price, then the Bank measure assets and long
positions at a bid price and liabilities and short positions at an ask price.

Portfolios of financial assets and financial liabilities that are exposed to market risk and credit risk that are managed by
the Bank on the basis of the net exposure to either market or credit risk are measured on the basis of a price that would
be received to sell a net long position (or paid to transfer a net short position) for the particular risk exposure.

Portfolio-level adjustments - e.g. bid-ask adjustment or credit risk adjustments that reflect the measurement on the
basis of the net exposure — are allocated to the individual assets and liabilities on the basis of the relative risk adjustment
of each of the individual instruments in the portfolio.

The fair value of a financial liability with a demand feature (e.g. a demand deposit) is not less than the amount payable
on demand, discounted from the first date on which the amount could be required to be paid. The Bank recognizes
transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy as of the end of the reporting period during which the change has
occurred.

3.4.7. Impairment

The Bank recognizes loss allowance for expected credit losses on the following financial instruments that are not
measured at FVTPL:

m financial assets that are debt instruments; and
HB loan commitments issued.

No impairment loss is recognized on equity investments.

Expected Credit Loss (ECL) represents credit losses that reflect an unbiased and probability-weighted amount which is
determined by evaluating a range of possible outcomes, the time value of money and reasonable and supportable
information about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. ECL allowances are
measured at amounts equal to either (i) 12-month ECL or (ii) lifetime ECL for those financial instruments which have
experienced a significant increase in credit risk (SICR) since initial recognition (General Approach).
The 12-month ECL is the portion of lifetime ECL that results from default events on a financial instrument that are possible
within the 12 months after the reporting date. The lifetime ECL is the ECL that results from all possible default events over
the expected life of the financial instrument.

Staging assessment

A three-stage approach for impairment of financial assets is used, based on whether there has been a significant
deterioration in the credit risk of a financial asset. These three stages then determine the amount of impairment to be
recognized.

For non-credit-impaired financial instruments:

mB Stage 1 is comprised of all financial instruments which have not experienced a SICR since initial recognition or is
considered of low credit risk as of the reporting date. The criteria for determining whether an account should be
assessed under Stage 1 are as follows: (i) current or past due up to 14 days for short term financial assets; (ii)
current or past due up to 29 days for long term financial assets; or (iii) no significant increase in the probability of
default (PD). The Bank recognizes a 12-month ECL for Stage 1 financial instruments.

m Stage 2 is comprised of all financial instruments which have experienced a SICR as of reporting date compared to
initial recognition. A SICR is generally deemed present in accounts with (i) 15 to 29 days past due for short term
financial assets; (i) 30 to 89 days past due for long term financial assets; or (iii) with significant increase in PD. The
Bank recognizes a lifetime ECL for Stage 2 financial instruments.

For credit-impaired financial instruments:

B Stage 3 is comprised of all financial assets that have objective evidence of impairment as a result of one or more
loss events that have occurred after initial recognition with a negative impact on the estimated future cash flows of
a loan or a portfolio of loans. The Bank's criteria for Stage 3 accounts are generally aligned with the definition of
“default” which is explained in the next paragraph. The Bank recognizes a lifetime ECL for Stage 3 financial instruments.

Definition of default

The Bank considers a financial asset to be in default when:

mB The borrower is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Bank in full, without recourse by the Bank to actions such
as realising security (if any is held); or

® The Bank considers that a significant increase in credit risk occurs no later than when an asset is more than or equal
to 14 days past due for short-term facilities or more than or equal to 29 days past due for long-term facilities.

@
Credit risk at initial recognition

The Bank uses internal credit assessment and approvals at various levels to determine the credit risk of exposures at
initial recognition. Assessment can be quantitative or qualitative and depends on the materiality of the facility or the
complexity of the portfolio to be assessed.

Significant increase in credit risk

The Bank assesses whether credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition at each reporting date. When
determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition and when
estimating ECL, the Bank consider reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue
cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Bank's historical
experience and informed credit assessment and includes forward-looking information.

The Bank considers that a significant increase in credit risk occurs no later than when an asset is more than 29 days
past due. Days past due are determined by counting the number of days since the earliest elapsed due date in respect
of which full payment has not been received. Due dates are determined without considering any grace period that might
be available to the borrower. If there is evidence that there is no longer a significant increase in credit risk relative to initial
recognition, then the loss allowance on an instrument returns to being measured as 12-month ECL.

Measurement of ECL

ECL is a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. This is measured as follows:

B Financial assets that are not credit-impaired at the reporting date: as the present value of all cash shortfalls (i.e. the
difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the
Bank expect to receive);

B Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date: as the difference between the gross carrying amount
and the present value of estimated future cash flows; and

m  Undrawn loan commitments: as the present value of the difference between the contractual cash flows that are due
to the Bank if the commitment is drawn down and the cash flows that the Bank expect to receive.

ECL parameters and methodologies

The key inputs into the measurement of ECL are the term structure of the following variables:

m Probability of default (“PD”);
m Loss given default (“LGD”); and
Bm Exposure at default (“EAD”).
ECL for exposures in Stage 1 is calculated by multiplying the 12-month PD by LGD and EAD. Lifetime ECL is calculated
by multiplying the lifetime PD by LGD and EAD. The statistical model has been employed to analyse data collected and
generate estimate of remaining lifetime PD of exposure and how these are expected to change as result of passage of
time.

LGD is the magnitude of the likely loss if there is a default. The Bank estimate LGD parameters based on the history of
recovery rates of claims against defaulted counterparties. The LGD models consider the structure, collateral, seniority of
the claim, counterparty industry and recovery costs of any collateral that is integral to the financial asset.

For loans secured by retail property, LTV ratios are a key parameter in determining LGD. LGD estimates are recalibrated
for different economic scenarios and, for real estate lending, to reflect possible changes in property prices. They are
calculated on a discounted cash flow basis using the effective interest rate as the discounting factor.

EAD represents the expected exposure in the event of a default. The Bank derive the EAD from the current exposure to
the counterparty and potential changes to the current amount allowed under the contract and arising from amortization.
The EAD of a financial asset is its gross carrying amount at the time of default. For lending commitments, the EADs are
potential future amounts that may be drawn under the contract, which are estimated based on historical observations
and forward-looking forecasts. For some financial assets, EAD is determined by modelling the range of possible exposure
outcomes at various points in time using scenario and statistical techniques.

As described above, and subject to using a maximum of a 12-month PD for Stage 1 financial assets, the Bank measures
ECL considering the risk of default over the maximum contractual period (including any borrower's extension options)
over which it is exposed to credit risk, even if, for credit risk management purposes, the Bank consider a longer period.
The maximum contractual period extends to the date at which the Bank have the right to require repayment of an
advance or terminate a loan commitment or guarantee.

Forward-looking information

The Bank incorporates forward-looking information into both its assessment of whether the credit risk of an instrument
has increased significantly since its initial recognition and its measurement of ECL.

A broad range of forward-looking information are considered as economic inputs, such as GDP growth, exchange rate,
interest rate, unemployment rate and other economic indicators. The inputs and models used for calculating ECL may
not always capture all characteristics of the market at the date of the financial statements. To reflect this, qualitative
adjustments or overlays are occasionally made as temporary adjustments when such differences are significantly material.

(=)
Restructured financial assets

If the terms of a financial asset are renegotiated or modified or an existing financial asset is replaced with a new one due to
financial difficulties of the borrower, then an assessment is made of whether the financial asset should be derecognized
and ECL are measured as follows.

Bm If the expected restructuring will not result in derecognition of the existing asset, then the expected cash flows
arising from the modified financial asset are included in calculating the cash shortfalls from the existing asset.

mB If the expected restructuring will result in derecognition of the existing asset, then the expected fair value of the new
asset is treated as the final cash flow from the existing financial asset at the time of its derecognition. This amount
is included in calculating the cash shortfalls from the existing financial asset that are discounted from the expected
date of derecognition to the reporting date using the original effective interest rate of the existing financial asset.

Credit-impaired financial assets

At each reporting date, the Bank assess whether financial assets carried at amortized cost and debt financial assets
carried at FVOCI are credit-impaired (referred to as ‘Stage 3 financial assets’). A financial asset is ‘credit-impaired’ when
one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have
occurred.

Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable data:

significant financial difficulty of the borrower or issuer;

a breach of contract such as a default or past due event;

the restructuring of a loan or advance by the Bank on terms that the Bank would not consider otherwise;
it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or

the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties.

Aloan that has been renegotiated due to a deterioration in the borrower's condition is usually considered to be credit-im-
paired unless there is evidence that the risk of not receiving contractual cash flows has reduced significantly and there
are no other indicators of impairment. In addition, a loan that is overdue for 90 days or more is considered credit-im-
paired even when the regulatory definition of default is different.

Presentation of allowance for ECL in the statement of financial position

Loss allowances for ECL are presented in the statement of financial position for financial assets measured at amortized

cost: as a deduction from the gross carrying amount of the assets.
Write-off

Loans and advances are written off (either partially or in full) when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering a
financial asset in its entirety or a portion thereof. This is generally the case when the Bank determine that the borrower
does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to
the write-off. This assessment is carried out at the individual asset level.

Recoveries of amounts previously written off are included in ‘other income’ in the profit or loss. Financial assets that are
written off could still be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the Bank's procedures for recovery of
amounts due.

3.5. Loans and advances

‘Loans and advances’ caption in the statement of financial position includes loans and advances measured at amortized
cost initially measured at fair value plus incremental direct transaction costs, and subsequently at their amortized cost
using the effective interest method.

3.6. Investment in an associate

Associate pertains to the entity over which the Bank has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to partici-
pate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but not control or joint control over those policies.
Investment in an associate is accounted for under the equity method of accounting.

3.7. Other assets

Other assets are carried at cost less impairment if any.
3.8. Property and equipment

3.8.1. Recognition and measurement

Items of property and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment
losses.

Cost includes expenditures that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset and any other costs directly
attributable to bringing the asset to working condition for its intended use, and the costs of dismantling and removing
the items and restoring the site on which they are located. The cost of self-constructed assets also includes the cost of
materials and direct labour. For qualifying assets, borrowing costs are capitalized in accordance with the accounting
policy on borrowing costs. Cost also may include transfers from equity of any gain or loss on qualifying cash flow hedges
of foreign currency purchases of property and equipment.

(=)
Purchased software that is integral to the functionality of the related equipment is capitalized as part of that equipment.
When significant parts of an item of property and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate
items (Major components) of property and equipment.

The gain or loss on disposal of an item of property and equipment is determined by comparing the proceeds from
disposal with the carrying amount of property and equipment and is recognized net within “other income” and “general
and administrative expense” respectively in profit or loss.

3.8.2. Subsequent costs

The cost of replacing a component of an item of property and equipment is recognized in the carrying amount of the
item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the component will flow to the Bank, and its cost
can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced component is derecognized to profit or loss. The costs
of the day-to-day servicing of property and equipment are recognized in profit or loss as incurred.

3.8.3. Depreciation

The cost of replacing a component of an item of property and equipment is recognized in the carrying amount of the
item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the component will flow to the Bank, and its cost
can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced component is derecognized to profit or loss. The costs
of the day-to-day servicing of property and equipment are recognized in profit or loss as incurred.

Depreciation is based on the cost of an asset less its residual value. Significant components of individual assets are
assessed, and if a component has a useful life that is different from the remainder of that asset, then that component is
depreciated separately.

Depreciation is recognized as an expense in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of each
component of an item of property and equipment.

Leased assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and their useful lives unless it is reasonably certain that
the Bank will obtain ownership by the end of the lease term. Freehold land is not depreciated.

The estimated useful lives are as follows:

Year
Leasehold improvements 5
Office equipment 5
Furniture, fixtures and fittings 5
Computer equipment 3
Motor vehicles 5
Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reassessed at end of the reporting period and adjusted if
appropriate.

3.9. Intangible assets

Intangible assets, which comprise acquired computer software licenses and related costs, are stated at cost less
accumulated amortization and impairment loss. Acquired computer software licenses are capitalized on the basis of the
cost incurred to acquire the specific software and bring it to use.

Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives of & years using the straight-line method. Costs associated
with the development or maintenance of computer software are recognized as expenses when incurred.

3.10. Impairment of non-financial assets

The Bank assesses at each statement of financial position date whether there is any indication that its non-financial
assets may be impaired. When an indicator of impairment exists or when an annual impairment testing for an asset is
required, the Bank makes a formal estimate of recoverable amount.

Recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's (or CGU’s) fair value less costs to sell and its value in use and is determined
for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other
assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is assessed as part of the CGU to which it belongs.

Where the carrying amount of an asset (or CGU) exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset (or CGU) is considered
impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are
discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value
of money and the risks specific to the asset (or CGU).

An impairment loss is charged to operations in the year in which it arises. An assessment is made at each statement of
financial position date as to whether there is any indication that previously recognized impairment losses may no longer
exist or may have decreased. If such indication exists, the recoverable amount is estimated.

A previously recognized impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine
the asset's recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognized. If that is the case, the carrying amount
of the asset (or CGU) is increased to its recoverable amount. That increased amount cannot exceed the carrying amount
that would have been determined, net of depreciation and amortization, had no impairment loss been recognized for the
asset in prior years. Such reversal is recognized in the profit or loss unless the asset (or CGU) is carried at a revalued
amount, in which case the reversal is treated as a revaluation increase. After such a reversal, the depreciation and
amortization expense is adjusted in future years to allocate the asset's revised carrying amount, less any residual value,
on a systematic basis over its remaining life.

(@
3.11.Leases

At inception of a contract, the Bank assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains,
a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for period of time in exchange for
consideration.

To assess whether a contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset, the Bank assesses whether:

m The contract involves the use of an identified asset - this may be specified explicitly or implicitly, and should be physically
distinct or represent substantially all of the capacity of a physically distinct asset. If the supplier has a substantive
substitution right throughout the period of use, then the asset is not identified;

B The Bank has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the asset throughout the
period of use; and

m The Bank has the right to direct the use of the asset. The Bank has this right when it has the decision-making rights
that are most relevant to changing how and for what purpose the asset is used. In cases where all the decisions
about how and for what purpose the asset is used are predetermined, the Bank have the right to direct the use of
the asset if either:

- the Bank has the right to operate the asset; or
- the Bank designed the asset in a way that predetermines how and for what purpose It will be used.

At inception or on reassessment of a contract that contains a lease and non-lease component, the Bank allocate the
consideration in the contract to each lease component and aggregate of non-lease components on the basis of their

relative stand-alone prices. However, for the leases of land and buildings in which it is a lessee, the Bank have elected
not to separate non-lease components and account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component.

3.11.1. Leases in which the Bank is a lessee
An arrangement conveyed the right to use the asset if one of the following was met:

B The purchaser had the ability or right to operate the asset while obtaining or controlling more than an insignificant
amount of the output;

B The purchaser had the ability or right to control physical access to the asset while obtaining or controlling more than
an insignificant amount of the output; or
B Facts and circumstances indicated that it was remote that other parties would take more than an insignificant
amount of the output, and the price per unit was neither fixed per unit of output nor equal to the current market price
per unit of output.

The Bank recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use asset
is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments
made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle
and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentives
received.

The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement date to the
earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the lease term.

The estimated useful lives of right-of-use assets are determined on the same basis as those of property and equipment.
In addition, the right-of-use asset is periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain remeasurements
of the lease liability.

The estimated useful lives for the current period are as follows:
B® Building and office branches 2-15 years

The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement
date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, to the lessee's
incremental borrowing rate. Generally, the Bank use their incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate.

Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise

m fixed payments, including in-substance fixed payments;

B variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the
commencement date;
amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee; and
the exercise price under a purchase option that the Bank are reasonably certain to exercise, lease payments in an
optional renewal period if the Bank are reasonably certain to exercise an extension option, and penalties for early
termination of a lease unless the Bank are reasonably certain not to terminate early.

The lease liability is measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured when there is a
change in the lease term, a change in the assessment of the option to purchase the underlying asset, a change in future
lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, or if there is a change in the Bank's estimate of the amount
expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee.
When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the
right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit and loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to
zero.

3.11.2. Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The Bank elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases of machinery that have
a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets. The Bank recognises the lease payments associated
with these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

3.12. Employee benefits
3.12.1. Provision for seniority indemnity

On 21 September 2018, the Ministry of Labor and Vocational Training (“MolVT”) issued Prakas No. 443 on Seniority
Payment. This Prakas is applicable to all enterprises, establishments and those who are covered by the provisions of
Article 89 (New) of the Labor Law. For enterprises other than textile, garment and footwear enterprise, the said Prakas
requires retroactive seniority payment (prior to the release of the Prakas) equal to fifteen (15) days per year of employees’
wages.

On 22 March 2019, the MoLVT issued guideline number 042/19 to delay the payment of the retroactive seniority
payment starting from December 2021, which shall be paid as follows:

m Equal to three days payable every June; and
Bm Equal to three days payable every December.

The retroactive seniority payment shall not exceed 6 months of an employee's average wage of each retrospective year.
Employees are not entitled to the payment if they resign before receiving it.

The estimated amount of retroactive seniority payment was recognized under other liabilities (Note 19).
3.12.2. Short-term employee benefits
Short-term employee benefits are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability is recognized for the amount

expected to be paid if the Bank have a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past
service provided by the employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.
3.12.3. Other long-term employee benefits

The Bank's net obligation in respect of long-term employee benefits is the amount of the benefit that employees have
earned in return for their service in the current and prior periods. That benefit is discounted to determine its present
value. Remeasurements are recognized in profit and loss in the period in which they arise.

3.13. Provisions

Provisions are recognized in the statement of financial position when the Bank have a legal or constructive obligation as
a result of a past event, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation.
If the effect is material, provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that
reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and, where appropriate, the risks specific to the liability.
The unwinding of the discount is recognized as finance cost.

3.14. Interest income/expense
3.14.1. Effective interest rate

Interest income and expense are recognized in profit and loss using the effective interest method. The ‘effective interest
rate’ is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts through the expected life of the financial
instrument to:

® the gross carrying amount of the financial asset; or
® the amortised cost of the financial liability.

When calculating the effective interest rate for financial instruments other than purchased or originated credit-impaired
assets, the Bank estimate future cash flows considering all contractual terms of the financial instrument, but not ECL.
For purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, a credit-adjusted effective interest rate is calculated using
estimated future cash flows including ECL.

The calculation of the effective interest rate includes transaction costs and fees and points paid or received that are an

integral part of the effective interest rate. Transaction costs include incremental costs that are directly attributable to the
acquisition or issue of a financial asset or financial liability.
3.14.2. Amoriised cost and gross carrying amount

The ‘amortized cost’ of a financial asset or financial liability is the amount at which the financial asset or financial liability
is measured on initial recognition minus the principal repayments, plus or minus the cumulative amortization using the
effective interest method of any difference between that initial amount and the maturity amount and, for financial assets,
adjusted for any expected credit loss allowance.

The ‘gross carrying amount of a financial asset’ is the amortized cost of a financial asset before adjusting for any expect-
ed credit loss allowance.

3.14.3. Calculation of interest income and expense

The effective interest rate of a financial asset or financial liability is calculated on initial recognition of a financial asset or
a financial liability.

In calculating interest income and expense, the effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying amount of the asset
(when the asset is not credit- impaired) or to the amortized cost of the liability. The effective interest rate is revised as a
result of periodic re-estimation of cash flows of floating rate instruments to reflect movements in market rates of interest.
The effective interest rate is also revised for fair value hedge adjustments at the date amortization of the hedge adjust-
ment begins.

However, for financial assets that have become credit-impaired subsequent to initial recognition, interest income is
calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the amortized cost of the financial asset. If the asset is no longer
credit-impaired, then the calculation of interest income reverts to the gross basis.

For financial assets that were credit-impaired on initial recognition, interest income is calculated by applying the
credit-adjusted effective interest rate to the amortized cost of the asset. The calculation of interest income does not
revert to a gross basis, even if the credit risk of the asset improves.

3.14.4. Presentation

Interest income calculated using the effective interest method presented in the statement of comprehensive income
includes interest on financial assets and financial liabilities measured at amortized cost.

Interest expense presented in the statement of comprehensive income includes financial liabilities measured at amortized
cost.
3.15. Fee and commission

Fee and commission income and expense that are integral to the effective interest rate on a financial asset or financial
liability are included in the effective interest rate.

Other fee and commission income, including account servicing fees, are recognized as the related services are
performed.

A contract with a customer that results in a recognized financial instrument in the Bank's financial statements may be
partially in the scope of CIFRS 9 and partially in the scope of CIFRS 15. If this is the case, then the Bank first apply CIFRS
9 to separate and measure the part of the contract that is in the scope of CIFRS 9 and then applies CIFRS 15 to the
residual.

3.16. Income tax

Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. It is recognized in profit and loss except items recognized
directly in equity or in other comprehensive income.

The Bank has determined that interest and penalties related to income taxes, including uncertain tax treatments, do not
meet the definition of income taxes, and therefore has accounted for them under CIAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities
and Contingent Assets.

3.16.1. Current tax

Current tax comprises the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income for the period using tax rates enact-
ed or substantially enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous period.

3.16.2. Deferred tax

Deferred tax is recognized in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for
financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. A deferred tax asset is recognized for unused
tax losses and deductible temporary differences, to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be
available against which they can be used. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to
the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised; such reductions are reversed when the
probability of future taxable profits improves.
Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse,
using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax
consequences that would follow the manner in which the Bank expect, at the reporting date, to recover or settle the
carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.

3.17. Regulatory reserves

Retained earnings represent accumulated earnings of the Bank less dividends declared.

A regulatory reserve is established for the difference between the allowance for ECL as determined in accordance with
CIFRS 9 and the regulatory allowance in accordance with NBC Prakas No. B7-017-344 dated 1 December 2017 and
Circular No. B7-018-001 dated 16 February 2018 on credit risk classification and provisioning for banks and financial
institutions. The Bank compares the regulatory allowance with the allowance calculated in accordance with CIFRS 9,
and:

{iy In case the regulatory allowance calculated is lower than the allowance calculated in accordance with CIFRS 9, the
Bank records the allowance calculated in accordance with CIFRS 9; and

(i) In case the regulatory allowance is higher than the allowance based on CIFRS 9, the Bank records the allowance
calculated based on CIFRS 9 and transfer the difference from the retained earnings account to regulatory reserve
in the equity section of the statement of financial position.

The said NBC Prakas on regulatory provisioning requires banks and financial institutions to classify their loan portfolio
into five classes and provide general and specific allowance based on the loan classification as follows:

Classification Number of days past due Allowance rate
Standard 0to 14 days (short-term)

0 to 29 days (long-term) 1%
Special mention 15 days to 30 days (short-term)

30 days to 89 days (ong-term) 3%
Substandard 31 days to 60 days (short-term)

90 days to 179 days (long-term) 20%
Classification Number of days past due Allowance rate

Doubtful 61 days to 90 days (short-term)

180 days to 359 days (long-term) 50%
Loss From 91 days (short-term)

360 days or more (long-term) 100%

In December 2021, the NBC issued Circular No. B7-021-2314 to provide additional guidance to banks and financial
institutions in classifying their loans which have been restructured up to 31 December 2021 and in providing the regulatory
allowance. The Circular requires banks and financial institutions to classify restructured loans as follows:

Special mention, if a restructured loan is “viable” or deemed as “performing”
Sub-standard, if a first-time restructured loan will need another restructuring
Doubtful, if a second-time restructured loan will need another restructuring

Loss, if a restructured loan is “non-viable” or deemed as “non-performing”
3.18. Share capital

Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of the ordinary share are
recognized as a deduction from equity, net of any tax effects. Other shares are classified as equity and/or liability according
to the economic substance of the particular instrument. Distributions to holders of a financial instrument classified as an
equity instrument are charged directly to equity.

3.19. Contingent assets

Where it is not possible that there is an inflow of economic benefits, or the amount cannot be estimated reliably, the asset
is not recognized in the statements of financial position and is disclosed as a contingent asset, unless the probability of
inflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence
or non-occurrence of one or more future events, are also disclosed as contingent assets unless the probability of inflow
of economic benefits is remote.

3.20. Contingent liabilities

Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated
reliably, the obligation is not recognized in the statements of financial position and is disclosed as a contingent liability,
unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be
confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events, are also disclosed as contingent liabilities
unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.
3.21. Events after the reporting period

Post year-end events that provide additional information about the Bank's position at the statement of financial position
date (adjusting events) are reflected in the financial statements. Post year-end events that are not adjusting events are
disclosed in the notes to the financial statements when material.

3.22. Standards issued and amended but not yet effective

Standards issued but not yet effective up to the date of issuance of the Bank's financial statements are listed below. The
listing consists of standards and interpretations issued, which the Bank reasonably expects to be applicable at a future
date. The Bank intends to adopt these standards when they become effective.

Except as otherwise indicated, the Bank does not expect the adoption of these new and amended standards and
interpretations to have significant impact on the financial statements.

m  CIFRS 17, Insurance Contracts

m Amendments to CIAS 1, First-time Adoption of Cambodian International Financial Reporting Standards - Classification
of liabilities as current and non-current

m Amendments to CIAS 1, First-time Adoption of Cambodian International Financial Reporting Standards, and CIFRS
Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgments - Disclosure of Accounting Policies
Amendments to CIAS 8, Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors - Definition of Accounting
Estimates

m Amendments to CIAS 12, Income Taxes - Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liability arising from a Single Transaction.

The standard issued but not yet effective that is expected to have a significant impact on the Company's financial statements
is as follows:

CIFRS 17, Insurance Contracts

In May 2017, the IASB issued CIFRS 17, Insurance Contracts, a comprehensive new accounting standard for insurance
contracts covering recognition and measurement, presentation and disclosure. Once effective, CIFRS 17 will replace
CIFRS 4, Insurance Contracts that was issued in 2005. CIFRS 17 applies to all types of insurance contracts (i.e., life,
non-life, direct insurance and re-insurance), regardless of the type of entities that issue them, as well as to certain
guarantees and financial instruments with discretionary participation features. A few scope exceptions will apply. The
overall objective of CIFRS 17 is to provide an accounting model for insurance contracts that is more useful and consistent
for insurers.

In contrast to the requirements in CIFRS 4, which are largely based on grandfathering previous local accounting policies,
CIFRS 17 provides a comprehensive model for insurance contracts, covering all relevant accounting aspects. The core
of CIFRS 17 is the general model, supplemented by:
BA specific adaptation for contracts with direct participation features (the variable fee approach).
BA simplified approach (the premium allocation approach) mainly for short-duration contracts.

CIFRS 17 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023, with comparative figures
required. Early application is permitted, provided the entity also applies CIFRS 9 and CIFRS 15 on or before the date it
first applies CIFRS 17. Retrospective application is required. However, if full retrospective application for a group of
insurance contracts is impracticable, then the entity is required to choose either a modified retrospective approach or a
fair value approach. Currently, the effective date of this standard is under discussion between Insurance Regulator of
Cambodia and Accounting Regulator of Cambodia.

The Company commenced a high-level impact assessment of CIFRS 17 in preparation for its implementation. The Company
expects that this new standard will result in an important change to the accounting policies for insurance contract liabilities
of the Company and is likely to have a significant impact on profit and total equity together with presentation and disclosure.

4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES

The preparation of the financial statements in accordance with CIFRSs requires the Bank to make judgments, estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses and disclosures of contingent
assets and contingent liabilities. Future events may occur which can cause the assumptions used in arriving at the
estimates to change. The effects of any change in estimates are reflected in the financial statements as they become
reasonably determinable.

Judgments and estimates are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including
expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

The following are the significant judgments and key assumptions that have a significant risk of material adjustment to the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year:

Judgments
(i) Classification of financial assets

The Bank classifies its financial assets depending on the business model for managing those financial assets and whether
the contractual terms of the financial asset are SPPI on the principal amount outstanding.

The Bank performs the business model assessment based on observable factors such as:

Bm Performance of the business model and the financial assets held within that business model are evaluated and
reported to the Bank's key management personnel;

m Risks that affect the performance of the business model (and the financial assets held within that business model)
and, in particular, the way those risks are managed;
m Compensation of business units whether based on the fair value of the assets managed or on the contractual cash
flows collected; and
Bm Expected frequency, value and timing of sales

In performing the SPP! test, the Bank applies judgment and considers relevant factors such as the currency in which the
financial asset is denominated, the period for which the interest rate is set, contingent events that would change the
amount and timing of cash flows, leverage features, prepayment and extension terms and other features that may
modify the consideration for the time value of money.

(ii) Fair value of financial instruments

Where the fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded in the statement of financial position or disclosed
in the notes to financial statements cannot be derived from active markets, these are determined using internal valuation
techniques using generally accepted market valuation models. The inputs to these models are taken from observable
markets where possible, but where this is not feasible, a degree of judgment is required in establishing fair values.

Estimates
Expected credit losses on financial assets

The Bank's ECL calculations are outputs of complex models with a number of underlying assumptions regarding the
choice of variable inputs and their interdependencies.

Elements of the ECL models that are considered accounting judgments and estimates include, among others:

Segmentation of the portfolio, where the appropriate model or ECL approach is used
Criteria for assessing if there has been a SICR and so allowances for debt financial assets should be measured on
a lifetime ECL basis and the qualitative assessment
Segmentation of debt financial assets when their ECL is assessed on a collective basis
Development of ECL models, including the various formulas and the choice of inputs

m Determination of associations between macroeconomic scenarios and economic inputs and the effect on PDs,
EADs and LGDs

m Selection of forward-looking macroeconomics scenarios and their probability weightings, to derive the economic
inputs into the ECL models

The allowance for ECL on cash and cash equivalents, placements with other financial institutions and loans and advances
to customers of the Bank as of 31 December 2022 are disclosed in Notes 5, 6 and 8, respectively.
5. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

Cash on hand

Cash equivalents with the NBC
Cash equivalents with other banks
Gross cash and cash equivalents
Allowance for ECL

(C 31 December 2022 ) (C 31 December 2021 )

us$ KHR’000 uss$ KHR’000

(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

24332771 100,178,018 21,860,420 89,059,388
35,616,693 146,633,925 25088771 102,211,653
12,090,700 53,482,712 £,960,996 28,359,008
72,940,164 300,294,655 53,910,196 219,630,139
26,270) (108,153) (15,346) (64,557)
72,013,804 300,186,502 53,894,350 219,565,582

Cash and cash equivalents earn annual interest rates ranging from 0.00% to 1.25% (2021: 0.04% to 2.50%). Interest
earned from cash and cash equivalents amounted to US$ 56,855 or KHR’000 232,366 (2021: US$ 10,220 or KHR’000

41,575) (Note 21).

6. PLACEMENTS WITH OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS

Term deposits (non-cash equivalents)
Allowance for ECL

( 31December2022 | (_ 31December 2021

uss$ KHR’000 us$ KHR’000
(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

265,034 1,091,145 906,766 3,694,165
(2,637) (10,857) (10,771) (43,881)
262,397 1,080,288 895,995 3,650,284

Placements with other financial institutions represent term deposits with various other banks and a microfinance institution

in Cambodia with maturities between six (6) to twelve (12) months. Interest rates from term deposits range from 3.50% to
4.10% per annum in 2022 (2021: 3.50% to 4.25% per annum).

Interest earned from placements with other financial institutions amounted to US$ 230,617 or KHR'000 942,532 for the year
ended 31 December 2022 (2021: US$ 41,197 or KHR'000 167,589) (Note 21).
7. STATUTORY DEPOSITS

(C 31 December 2022 ) (C 31 December 2021 )

uss KHR’000 uss$ KHR'000

(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

Capital guarantee 7,500,000 30,877,500 7,500,000 30,555,000
Reserve requirements 35,001,664 144,472,381 28,300,436 115,662,636

42,591,664 175,349,881 35,890,436 146,217,636

7.1. Capital guarantee deposit

Under the NBC's Prakas No. B7-01-136 dated 15 October 2001, the Bank is required to maintain a capital guarantee
of 10% of its registered capital with the NBC. This deposit is not available for use in the Bank's day-to-day operations
and is refundable when the Bank voluntarily ceases to operate the business in Cambodia. This deposit earned interest
at 1.19% per annum (2021: 0.04%).

Interest earned from capital guarantee deposit amounted to US$ 27,551 or KHR'000 112,601 for the year ended 31
December 2022 (2021: US$ 3,745 or KHR’000 15,235) (Note 21).

7.2. Reserve requirements

Under the NBC Prakas No. B7-020-230 dated 18 March 2020, commercial banks are required to maintain certain cash
reserves with the NBC in the form of compulsory deposits, computed at 7.00% of customer deposits and borrowings
in KHR and other currencies in 2022 (2021: 7.00%).

The reserve requirements do not earn any interest based on NBC Prakas No. B7-018-282 dated 29 August 2018.

8. LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS

( 31December2022 | ( 31December 2021 )

uss KHR’000 uss$ KHR’000

(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

Term loans 564,607,458 2,324,488,004 501,546,804 2,043,301,679
Overdrafts 26,406,851 108,717,006  23,415264  95303,786
Gross loans and advances 591,014,300 2,433,205,010 524,962,068 2,138,695,465
Allowance for ECL
Loans and advances — net

( 31December2022 | (_ 31December 2021

uss

(8,403,002)

KHR’000
(Note 2.3.3)

(34,595,159)

uss

(7,676,119)

KHR'000
(Note 2.3.3)

(31,272,509)

582,611,307 2,398,610,751

517,285,949 2,107,422,956

The movements of allowance for ECL on loans and advances are as follows:

Balance at beginning of year
Provisions

Write-offs

Foreign exchange rate differences
Exchange difference on translation
Balance at end of year

4 2022 ) (C 2021 )
US$ KHR000 US$ KHR'000

(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

7676119 31272509 6131926  24.803,641
1057453 4321812 2078007 9.267827
(316,810) (1,294,802) (712,382) (2,897,970)
(13,760) (56,238) (21,652) (88,080)

- 351,878 - 187,091

8403002 34595150 7.676119  31272.509

Reconciliation of changes in gross carrying amounts and corresponding allowance for ECL by stage for loans and

advances measured at amortised cost is as follows:

C 2022 )
Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 Total
Gross Gross Gross Gross
carrying carrying carrying carrying
amount ECL amount ECL amount ECL amount ECL
uss uss uss uss uss uss us$ uss
Balance at beginning of year ~~ 502,371,635 (3,113,908) 0,443,234 (417,374) 13,147,199 (4,144,837) 524,962,068 (7,676,119
Newly-originated assets that
remained in Stage 1 as at
31 December 273,293,703 (740,479) - - - - 273,283,708 (740,479)
Newly-originated assets that
moved to Stage 2 and
Stage 3 as at 31 December - - 1,698,488 (67,353) 915,021 (53,580) 2,613,509 (120,933)
Payments and assets
derecognised

Transfers to stage 1
Transfers to stage 2
Transfers to stage 3

Net remeasurement due to
change in credit risk

Balance at end of year

Balance at beginning of year
Newly-originated assets that
remained in Stage 1 as at
31 December
Newly-originated assets that
moved to Stage 2 and
Stage 3 as at 31 December
Payments and assets
derecognised

Transfers to stage 1
Transfers to stage 2
Transfers to stage 3

Net remeasurement due to
change in credit risk
Balance at end of year

C 2022 )
Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 Total

Gross Gross Gross Gross

carrying carrying carrying carrying
amount ECL amount ECL amount ECL amount ECL
uss uss uss uss uss uss us$ uss
(150,097,708) 1,316,137 2,502,835) 21,068 (5,130,852) 64,895 (157,731,395) 1,402,100
(15,415,214) 2,521,587 4,739,377 (292,214) 10,675,837 (2,229,373) - -
2,317,614 (34,413) (3,838,017) 218,139 1,520,403 (183,726) - -
515,216 (3,480) 309,426 (25,471) (824,642) 28,951 - -
(53,472,548) (1,835,685) (2,253,711) 99,809 3,602,683 468,305 (62,123,576) (1,267,571)
559,512,698 (1,890,241) 7,595,962 {463,396} 23,905,649 6,049,365) 591,014,309 (8,403,002)
C 2021 )

Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 Total

Gross Gross Gross Gross

carrying carrying carrying carrying
amount ECL amount ECL amount ECL amount ECL
uss uss$ uss uss uss uss uss uss$
470,046,609 (2,469,238) 4,684,151 (1,021,656) 7,036,461 (2,641,032) 481,767,221 6,131,926)
245,974,821 (1,166,198) - - - - 245,974,821 (1,166,198)
- - 1,251,508 (48,575) 1,701,802 (559,351) 2,953,310 607,926)
(160,625,500) 1,011,522 (1,072,490) 343,620 2,316,256) 883,817 (164,014,246) 2,238,959
(12,542,714) 1,741,607 7,710,673 (328,752) 4,832,041 (1,412,855) - -
653,951 (9,588) (3,247,372) 844,458 2,593,421 (834,870) - -
603,304 (11,219) 141,646 (4,220) (744,950) 15,439 - -
(41,738,836) (2,210,794) (24,882) (202,249) 44,680 404,015 (41,719,038 (2,009,028)
502,371,635 (3,113,908) 9,443,234 417,374) 13,147,199 (4,144,837) 524,962,068 (7,676,119)

Gross amounts of loans and advances to customers by type are as follows:

Micro, small and medium enterprise loans
Commercial
Consumer loans

(31 December 2022 |

q 31 December 2021 )

uss KHR’000
(Note 2.3.3)

361,725,978 1,448,055,852
200,905,995 827,129,981
38,382,336 168,020,077

uss$ KHR'000
(Note 2.3.3)

309,426,379 1,260,603,068
188,828,065 769,285,537
26,707,624 108,806,860

591,014,309 2,433,205,910

524,962,068 2,138,695,465

Gross amounts of loans and advances to customers by maturity are as follows:

Within 1 month
> 1 to 3 months
> 3 to 6 months
> 6 to 12 months
> 110 5 years
Over 5 years

C 31 December 2022 )

( 31 December 2021 )

uss KHR’000
(Note 2.3.3)

5,906,959 24,318,950

11,365,723 46,792,682
9,560,194 39,359,319
19,167,928 78,914,360

219,670,395 904,383,016
325,343,110 1,339,437,583

uss$ KHR'000
(Note 2.3.3)

7,481,521 30,479,717
14,371,991 58,551,491
6,513,228 26,534,891
19,163,442 78,071,863
208,476,851 849,334,691
268,955,035 1,095,722,812

591,014,309 2,433,205,910

524,962,068 2,138,695,465

For additional analysis of gross amount of loans and advances to customers, refer to Note 31.

9. INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE

This investment represents 49% equity interest in Phillip Trustee (Cambodia) Co., Ltd, a newly incorporated company in

Cambodia. Its principal activities include real estate and trust. As at 31 December 2022, the associate is still in start-up

phase.
10. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Cost

Balance at beginning of year
Additions

Transfers

Write-offs

Disposals

Exchange difference on
translation

Balance at end of year

Accumulated depreciation
Balance at beginning of year
Depreciation (Note 26)
Write-offs

Disposals

Exchange difference on

translation

Balance at end of year

Net book value

C 2022 )
Fumiture
Leasehold Office fixtures and Computer Motor Construction
improvements equipment fittings equipment vehicles in progress Total

uss uss us$ uss uss uss uss KHR'000
{Note 2.3.3)
3,372,907 5,455,877 1,625,090 3,545,490 1,548,229 392,403 15,939,996 64,939,544
419,809 749,924 73,924 869,745 194,190 2,073,251 4,380,843 17,904,505
780,110 732,979 104,849 - - (1,617,938) - -
(16,973) (85,522) (149,523) (203,000) - - 455,018) (1,859,659)
- (500) - - (112,575) - (113,075) (462,138)
- - - - - - - 799,803
4,555,853 6,852,758 1,654,340 4,212,235 1,629,844 847,716 19,752,746 81,322,055
1,669,302 3,028,282 1,436,239 2,648,387 1,373,286 - 11,055,496 45,040,091
615,709 630,035 84,360 641,325 64,360 - 2,035,789 8,320,270
(6,373) (84,108) (144,577) (200,170) - - 435,228) (1,778,777)
- (500) - - (112,575) - (113,075) (462,138)
- - - - - - - 520,011
2,278,638 4,473,709 1,376,022 3,089,542 1,325,071 - 12,542,982 51,639,457
2,277,215 2,379,049 278,318 1,122,693 304,773 847,716 7,209,764 29,682,598

C 2021 )

Furniture
Leasehold Office fixtures and Computer Motor Construction
improvements equipment fittings equipment vehicles in progress Total
uss uss uss uss$ uss uss uss KHR'000
{Note 2.3.3)

Cost
Balance at beginning of year 2,745,040 4,847,727 1,611,512 2,889,867 1,683,129 106,194 13,883,469 56,158,631
Additions 205,198 158,476 9,093 669,420 86,140 1,281,732 2,410,059 9,804,120
Transfers 434,736 511,452 49,335 - - (995,523) - -
Write-offs (12,067) (12,348) (37,804) (13,797) - - (76,016) (309,233)
Disposals - (49,430) (7,046) - (221,040) - (277,516) (1,128,935)
Exchange difference on
translation - - - - - - - 414,961
Balance at end of year 3,372,907 5,455,877 1,625,090 3,545,490 1,548,229 392,403 15,939,996 64,939,544
Accumulated depreciation
Balance at beginning of year 1,249,041 3,503,433 1,374,166 2,251,471 1,538,002 - 9,016,113 40,110,676
Depreciation (Note 26) 423,250 486,016 104,606 410,713 56,323 - 1,480,908 6,024,334
Write-offs (2,989) (11,737) (35,486) (13,797) - - (64,009) (260,389)
Disposals - (49,430) (7,046) - (221,040) - (277,516) (1,128,935)
Exchange difference on
translation - - - - - - - 294,405
Balance at end of year 1,669,302 3,028,282 1,436,240 2,648,387 1,373,285 - 11,055,496 45,040,091
Net book value 1,703,605 1,527,595 188,850 897,103 174,944 392,403 4,884,500 19,899,453

The cost of fully depreciated items of property and equipment still in use amounted to US$ 9,012,283 or KHR’000
37,108,569 (2021: US$ 8,561,080 or KHR’000 34,877,840).

The Bank has written-off certain property and equipment with net book value of US$ 19,790 or KHR’000 80,882 (2021:
US$ 12,007 or KHR'000 48,844) and recognized the corresponding loss under ‘General and administrative expenses’
in the statement of comprehensive income (Note 28).

The Bank disposed certain property and equipment with net book value of nil (2021: nil) for total proceeds of US$
33,230 or KHR'000 135,811 (2021: US$ 86,757 or KHR'000 352,927) resulting in a gain on sale amounting to US$
33,230 or KHR'000 135,811 (2021: US$ 86,757 or KHR'000 352,927) recognized under ‘Other income’ in the statement
of comprehensive income (Note 24).
11. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

The Bank leases various assets including ATM spaces, motor vehicles, generators and office spaces for periods ranging
from two (2) to fifteen (15) years, renewable upon mutual agreement of both parties.

The Bank applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less
from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option, and low-value assets recognition exemption to its
leases of machines and equipment that are considered of low value. The Bank recognized the lease payments associated
with these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

Information about leases for which the Bank is a lessee is presented below.

( 2022 ) C 2021 )

uss KHR’000 us$ KHR’000
(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)
Cost
Balance at beginning of year 14,916,292 60,768,974 12,277,760 49,663,539
Additions 4,022,323 16,439,234 2,959,292 12,038,400
Terminations (2,186,231) (8,985,126) (320,760) (1,304,852)
Exchange difference on translation - 696,483 - 371,887
Balance at end of year 16,752,384 68,969,565 14,916,292 60,768,974
Accumulated depreciation
Balance at beginning of year 6,322,886 25,759,438 4,745,830 19,196,881
Depreciation (Note 26) 1,948,620 7,964,010 1,872,258 7,616,345
Terminations (1,889,568) (7,722,664) (295,202) (1,200,882)
Exchange difference on translation - 273,655 - 147,094
Balance at end of year 6,381,938 26,274,439 6,322,886 25,759,438
Net book value 10,370,446 42,695,126 8,593,406 35,009,536

The amounts recognised in the statement of comprehensive income are as follows:

Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 26)
Interest on lease liabilities (Notes 17 and 22)
Rental expense of low-value assets (Note 28)

12. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Cost

Balance at beginning of year
Additions

Write-offs

Exchange difference on translation

Balance at end of year
Accumulated amortisation
Balance at beginning of year
Amortisation (Note 26)

Write-offs

Exchange difference on translation

Balance at end of year

Net book value

4 2022 ) (C 2021 )
uss KHR’000 uss KHR'000
(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

1,048,620 7,964,010 1,872,058 7,616,345
617,421 2,523,400 531,360 2,161,572
304,779 1,045 632 164,810 670,447
2,870,820 11,733,042 0568428 10,448,364
C 2022 ) ( 2021 )
uss KHR’000 uss KHR'000
(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

3135994 12,776,040 0738869 11,078,725
578,940 2,366,128 397,125 1,615,505
(5,228) (21,367) : :

; 152,059 ; 81,810
3,709,706 15,272,860 3135994 12,776,040
1,087,268 5,044 330 820,819 3,320,213
594,431 2,429,439 466,449 1,897,515
(5,228) (21,367) : :

; 73,030 96,602
1,876,471 7,725,432 1,087,268 5,044,330
1,833,235 7,547,428 1,848,796 7,531,710

13. OTHER ASSETS

( 31December2022 | (_ 31December 2021

uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000

(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

Prepayments 1,286,625 5,297,035 1,343,960 5,475,293
Others 1,467,050 6,039,845 500,723 2,039,946
2,753,675 11,336,880 1,844,683 7,515,239

14. DEPOSITS FROM OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS

( 31December2022 | (_ 31December 2021

uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000

(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

Time deposits 43,135,960 177,590,747 62,159,730 258,238,740
Current accounts 11,677,717 47,665,461 9,196,366 37,468,032
Saving accounts 76,403 314,551 177,246 722,100

54,790,080 225,570,759 71,633,842 291,428,872

Deposits from other financial institutions are analysed as follows:

(a) By maturity:
( 31 December 2022 ) q 31 December 2021 )
uss KHR'000 uss KHR’000
(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)
Within 1 month 13,713.062 56,456,676 11431151 46,570,509
> 110 3 months 3477513 14,316,921 8085606 32,940,759
> 310 6 months 10,432,165 ~~ 42,949293 16584978 67,567,200
> 610 12 months 14253792 58,682,862 25502107 103,977,064
> 110 5 years 12,013548 53,165,077 8910000 36,299,340
Over 5 years - - 1,000,000 4,074,000

54,790,080 225,570,759 71,633,842 291,428,872

(b) By interest rate (per annum):

Time deposit
Current accounts
Saving accounts

15. DEPOSITS FROM CUSTOMERS

Time deposits
Demand deposits
Saving accounts
Wallet accounts

Deposits from customers are analysed as follows:

(a) By maturity:

Within 1 month

> 110 3 months

> 3 to 6 months

> 6 to 12 months
> 1 Year to 5 Years
Over 5 years

C 2022 )

( 2021 )

2.50% - 7.50%
0.00% - 3.00%
0.50%

2.00% - 6.50%
0.00% - 2.00%
0.50%

4 31 December 2022 )

C 31 December 2021 )

uss KHR’000
(Note 2.3.3)

366,949,678 1,510,731,824

31,021,533 127,715,651
55,080,627 226,766,942
36,772 151,390

uss KHR’000
(Note 2.3.3)

259,183,947 1,055,915,400

41,256,868 168,080,480
46,529,313 189,560,421
16,565 67,486

453,088,610 1,865,365,807

346,986,693 1,413,623,787

(31 December 2022 |

C 31 December 2021 )

uss KHR’000

(Note 2.3.3)

123,844,819 509,869,121
110,899,345 456,572,603
79,745,935 328,314,014

110,028,446 ~~ 452,987,112
27,958,183 115,103,839

611,882 2,619,118

uss KHR’000

(Note 2.3.3)

108,786,049 443,194,364
52,049,791 212,050,849
44,827,597 182,627,630
117,982,745 480,661,703
23,330,231 95,047,361
10,280 41,880

453,088,610 1,865,365,807

346,986,693 1,413,623,787

(b) By interest rate (per annum):

Time deposits
Demand deposits
Saving accounts
Wallet accounts

16. BORROWINGS

Related parties
Non-related parties

Borrowings are analysed as follows:

(a) By maturity:

Within 1 month

> 110 3 months

> 3 to 6 months

> 6 to 12 months
> 1 Year to 5 Years
Over 5 years

C 2022

)C 2021

0.00% - 12.00%
0.00% - 3.50%
0.00% - 5.00%

0.00%

0.00% - 12.00%
0.00% - 3.00%
0.00% - 5.00%

0.00%

( 31December2022 | (_ 31December 2021

uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000

(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

20,791,906 85,600,277 20,084,421 81,823,931
24,976,169 102,826,888 31,973,637 130,260,190
45,768,075 188,427,165 52,057,958 212,084,121

( 31December2022 | (_ 31December 2021

uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000

(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

12,372,510 50,937,624 10,981,740 44,739,609
5,588,583 23,008,196 2,977,312 12,129,569
7,560,332 31,125,887 2,492,296 10,158,614
7,932,339 32,657,440 14,542,844 59,247,546
11,805,539 48,603,404 20,788,446 84,692,129
508,772 2,094,614 275,320 1,121,654
45,768,075 188,427,165 52,057,958 212,084,121

(b) By interest rate (per annum):

Interest rate per annum

(c) Borrowings movement:

As at 1 January

Additions

Payments

Interest expense (Note 22)
Interest payment

Currency translation differences

17. LEASE LIABILITIES

Movements of lease liabilities are as follows:

Balance at beginning of year
Additions

Terminations

Accretion of interest (Note 22)
Payments

Exchange difference on translation

Balance at end of year

(C 2022

)

2021 )

2.00% - 10.47%

2.00% - 10.47%

(C 31 December 2022 ) ( 31 December 2021 )

uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000

(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

52,057,958 212,084,121 53,678,925 216,726,752
36,225,956 148,065,482 20,693,362 84,180,597
(42,631,175) (174,233,612) (22,183,378) (90,241,982)
2,857,220 11,677,458 3,590,866 14,607,643
2,741,884) (11,206,080) (3,621,817) (14,733,552)
- 2,049,796 - 1,544,663
45,768,075 188,427,165 52,057,958 212,084,121

( 2022

)

2021 )

uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000

(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

8,088,018 32,950,585 7,019,280 28,392,988
3,685,982 14,655,908 2,668,459 10,855,291
(254,940) (1,041,940) (22,077) (89,809)
617,421 2,528,400 531,360 2,161,572
2,176,008) (8,893,324) (2,109,004) (8,579,428)
- 400,959 - 209,971
9,860,478 40,595,588 8,088,018 32,950,585

C 31 December 2022 ) C 31 December 2021 )

uss KHR’000 us$ KHR’000
(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)
Maturity analysis — contractual undiscounted
cash flows
Within one year 2,288,838 9,423,146 2,055,639 8,374,673
One to five years 7,699,857 31,700,311 4,364,026 17,779,042
More than five years 2,132,504 8,779,519 3,495,442 14,240,431
Total undiscounted lease liabilities 12,121,199 49,902,976 9,915,107 40,394,146
Present value of lease liabilities
Within one year 1,719,522 7,079,272 1,675,736 6,419,548
Beyond one year 8,140,956 33,516,316 6,512,282 26,531,037
9,860,478 40,595,588 8,088,018 32,950,585

Amount recognised in the statement of cash flows comprises:

4 2022 )C 2021 )

uss KHR’000 us$ KHR’000
(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)
Payments of principal portion of lease liabilities 1,558,582 6,369,925 1,577,644 6,417,856

During the year, the Bank had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities amounting to US$4,022,323
or KHR’000 16,439,234 and US$3,585,982 or KHR'000 14,655,908 respectively (2021: US$2,959,292 or KHR'000
12,038,400 and US$2,668,459 or KHR'000 10,855,291).
18. INCOME TAX

18.1. Deferred tax assets

Deferred tax assets
Deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax liabilities

C 31 December 2022 ) ( 31 December 2021 )

uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000

(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

3,304,774 13,605,755 2,824,386 11,506,548
(4,086,089) (16,822,429) (2,330,167) (9,493,100)
(781,315) (3,216,674) 494,219 2,013,448

Components of the Bank's net deferred tax assets are as follows:

Deferred tax asset on:
Lease liabilities
Unamortized loan fees
Accumulated depreciation and amortization
Provision for employee benefits
Allowance for ECL on cash equivalents and
placements with other financial institutions
Unrealized foreign exchange losses and others

Deferred tax liability on:
Right-of-use assets
Allowance for ECL on off financial guarantee and
placements with other financial institutions
Allowance for ECL on loans and advances
Unamortized fee on borrowings

Net deferred tax liabilities

( 31December2022 | (_ 31December 2021

uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000

(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

1,972,096 8,119,119 1,617,604 6,590,119
1,071,183 4,410,060 994,729 4,052,526
150,635 620,164 123,710 503,995
37,347 153,758 28,832 117,462
5,781 23,800 - -
67,732 278,854 59,511 242,448
3,304,774 13,605,755 2,824,386 11,506,550
(1,768,537) (7,281,067) (1,603,361) (6,532,093)
- - (33,649) (137,086)
2,274,671) (9,364,821) (652,843) (2,659,682)
(42,881) (176,541) 40,314) (164,241)
(4,086,089) (16,822,429) (2,330,167) (9,493,102)
(781,315) (3,216,674) 494,219 2,013,448

Movements of net deferred tax assets are as follows:

Balance at beginning of year
Recognised in profit or loss
Exchange difference on translation

Balance at end of year

18.2. Income tax payable

Balance at beginning of year
Current tax expense

Income tax paid

Exchange difference on translation

Balance at end of year

18.3. Income tax expense

Current
Deferred

C 2022 DE € 2021 )

uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000

(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

494,219 2,013,448 1,027,906 4,157,880
(1,275,534) (5,213,107) (533,687) (2,171,038)
- (17,015) - 26,606

(781,315) (3,216,674) 494,219 2,013,448

( 2022 ) C 2021 )

uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000

(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

2,002,306 8,157,395 1,301,167 5,263,221
1,982,113 8,100,896 2,636,185 10,724,001
2,789,751) (11,401,712) (1,935,046) (7,871,767)
- 61,869 - 41,940
1,194,668 4,918,448 2,002,306 8,157,395

C 2022 )C 2021 )

uss KHR’000
(Note 2.3.3)

1,982,113 8,100,896
1,275,634 5,213,107

uss KHR’000
(Note 2.3.3)

2,636,185 10,724,001
533,687 2,171,038

3,257,647 13,314,003

3,169,872 12,895,039

The reconciliation of income tax computed at the statutory tax rate of 20% to the income tax expense shown in profit or
loss is as follows:

C 2022 OC 2021 )

uss KHR’000 us$ KHR’000

(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

Profit before income tax 18,783,172 56,331,823 14,839,417 60,366,746
Income tax rate of 20% 2,756,634 11,266,363 2,967,884 12,073,352
Effect of non-deductible expenses 130,379 532,859 201,988 821,687
Others 370,634 1,514,781 - -
3,257,647 18,314,003 3,169,872 12,895,039

19. OTHER LIABILITIES

(C 31 December 2022 ) C 31 December 2021 )

uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000

(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

Accruals and other payables 3,344,795 13,770,521 3,281,405 13,368,444
Banker's cheques 80,000 329,360 139,703 569,151
Other tax payables 279,886 1,152,291 219,389 893,791
3,704,681 15,252,172 3,640,497 14,831,386

Other taxes payables consist withholding taxes, fringe benefit and value added tax reverse charge.
20. EQUITY

20.1. Share capital

C 31 December 2022 ) ( 31 December 2021 )

uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000
(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)
Phillip MFIS PTE. LTD. 75,000,000 300,765,000 75,000,000 300,765,000

All shares are issued and fully paid with par value of US$ 1 per share.

20.2. Other reserves

Other reserves represent KREDIT MFI's share capital, other reserves and reserve capital amounting to US$ 18,395,200,
US$ 6,470,362, and US$ 624,712, respectively, transferred to the Bank as per merger arrangement. Other reserves are
classified under capital tier | as approved by the NBC on 17 June 2020.

20.3. Regulatory reserve

Regulatory reserve represents the variance in loan provisioning between CIFRSs and regulatory provisioning in accordance
with the NBC's requirement.

21. INTEREST INCOME

C 2022 OC 2021 )

uss KHR’000 us$ KHR’000

(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

Loans and advances 783,589,763 300,761,361 67,659,050 275,237,015
Placements with other financial institutions 230,617 942,532 41,197 167,589
Cash and cash equivalents 56,855 232,366 10,220 41,575
Refundable deposit 49,523 202,401 - -
Capital guarantee deposit with the NBC 27,551 112,601 3,745 15,235

73,954,309 302,251,261 67,714,212 275,461,414

22, INTEREST EXPENSE

Fixed deposits
Borrowings

Saving accounts
Current deposits

Lease liabilities (Note 17)

23. NET FEES AND COMMISSION INCOME

Fees and commission income
Commitment fees
Other fees

Fees and commission expense

24. OTHER INCOME

Recovery of loans previously written-off

Foreign exchange loss

Gain on sale of property and equipment (Note 710)

Others (Note 10)

(C 2022 ) C 2021 )
uss KHR’000 uss KHR'000

(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

01678019 88601742 15934097 64,820,435
0.857,220 11,677,458 3,590,866 14,607,643
1,540,058 6,004,217 1,039,132 5,040,789
769,396 3,144,521 1,035,503 4,912,407
617,421 2,523,400 531,360 2,161,572
07463014 112,041,338 22331088 00,842,866

2022 ) 2021 )

uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000
(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

364,980 1,491,673 69,283 281,843
1,962,656 8,021,375 1,723,908 7,012,858
2,327,636 9,613,048 1,793,191 7,294,701
(318,830) (1,303,058) (110,954) (451,361)
2,008,806 8,209,990 1,682,237 6,843,340

2022 OC 2021 )

uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000
(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

240,702 983,749 226,356 922,850
(186,360) (761,653) (250,757) (1,020,079)
33,230 135,811 86,757 352,927
210,280 859,414 167,827 682,720
297,852 1,217,321 230,683 938,418

Others include gain on sale of property and equipment, income from grants and other miscellaneous income.
25. PERSONNEL EXPENSES

(C 2022 ) C 2021

)

uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000

(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

Salaries and wages 13,894,922 56,788,546 13,314,112 54,161,808
Seniority payment 1,103,958 4,511,876 876,482 3,665,529
Other benefits 3,877,981 15,849,309 3,667,461 14,512,431
18,876,861 77,149,731 17,758,055 72,239,768

Other benefits include bonus and incentive compensation and employee training costs.

26. DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION

Details of depreciation and amortization follow:

C 2022 )

( 2021

)

uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000

(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

Property and equipment (Note 70) 2,035,789 8,320,270 1,480,908 6,024,334
Intangible assets (Note 12) 594,431 2,429,439 466,449 1,897,515
Right-of-use assets (Note 17) 1,948,620 7,964,010 1,872,258 7,616,345
4,578,840 18,718,719 3,819,615 15,538,194

27. PROMOTION AND MARKETING

(C 2022 )

(C 2021

)

uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000

(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

Marketing 2,091,110 8,546,367 1,669,913 6,386,406
Others 216,403 884,439 78,554 319,558
2,307,513 9,430,806 1,648,467 6,705,964

28. GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

(C 2022 ) C 2021 )

uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000

(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

Legal and professional fees 2,175,168 8,889,912 1,728,684 7,032,287
Insurance 1,010,184 4,128,622 972,530 3,956,252
License fees 761,170 3,110,902 634,571 2,681,435
Security expense 645,631 2,638,694 629,545 2,560,989
Duties and taxes 588,567 2,405,473 402,213 1,636,202
Utilities 532,586 2,176,679 460,775 1,874,433
Stationeries and printing 483,853 1,977,507 447,799 1,821,646
Travelling and accommodation 385,960 1,577,419 215,574 876,955
Repairs and maintenance 333,553 1,363,231 345,123 1,408,960
Rental expense of low-value assets (Note 77) 304,779 1,245,632 164,810 670,447
Communication 285,481 1,166,761 279,413 1,136,652
Directors’ fees and meeting allowances 41,105 167,996 27,907 113,526
Loss on write off of property and equipment (Note 10) 19,790 80,882 12,007 48,844
Others 623,996 2,550,271 681,752 2,773,368
8,191,823 33,479,981 7,002,703 28,486,996

Others include non-capitalizable purchases of property and equipment and intangible assets, entertainment expense,
donations, dues and membership fees and other operating expenses.

29. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

29.1. Operations

In the normal course of business, the Bank makes various commitments and incurs certain contingencies with legal
recourse to its customers. No material losses are anticipated from these transactions, which consist of:

( 31December2022 | (_ 31December 2021

uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000
(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

Loan commitments or guarantees received from:
Undrawn credit facilities 43,000,000 177,031,000 43,000,000 175,182,000
Payment guarantees 412,061 1,696,455 336,000 1,368,864

43,412,061 178,727,455 43,336,000 176,550,864

Loan commitments in favor of:
Unused portion of overdrafts
Undrawn credit facilities

Bank guarantees

Foreign exchange commitment:
Foreign exchange swap

29.2 Taxation contingencies

(C 31 December 2022 ) ( 31 December 2021 )

uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000

(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

5,601,347 23,060,746 19,681,053 80,180,610
2,658,746 10,946,057 5,660,945 23,062,690
3,724,566 15,334,038 1,631,543 6,239,506
11,984,659 49,340,841 26,873,541 109,482,806
12,558,444 51,682,529 5,074,865 20,675,000

Taxes are subject to review and investigation by a number of authorities, who are enabled by law to impose severe fines,

penalties and interest charges. The application of tax laws and regulations to many types of transactions are susceptible

to varying interpretations.

These facts may create tax risks in Cambodia substantially more significant than in other countries. Management

believes that it has adequately provided for tax liabilities based on its interpretation of tax legislation. However, the
relevant authorities may have differing interpretations and the effects could be significant.

30. NOTES TO CASH FLOW STATEMENTS

The following are the changes in liabilities arising from financing activities including both cash and non-cash changes:

Currency
Interest Interest translation 31 December
1 January 2022 Addition Payment expense payment Termination differences 2022
us$ uss uss us$ us$ uss uss uss
Borrowings (Note 16) 52,057,958 36,225,956 (42,631,175) 2,857,220 (2,741,884) - - 45,768,075
Lease liabilities (Note 17) 8,088,018 3,585,982 2,176,003) 617,421 - (254,940) - 9,860,478
Total 60,145,976 39,811,938 (44,807,178) 3,474,641 2,741,884) (254,940) - 55,628,553
KHR’000 (Note 2.3.3) 245,034,706 162,711,381 (183,126,936) 14,200,858 (11,206,080) (1,041,940) 2,450,754 229,022,753

Currency

Interest Interest translation 31 December

1 January 2021 Addition Payment expense payment Termination differences 2021

us$ uss uss us$ us$ uss uss uss

Borrowings (Note 16) 53,578,925 20,693,362 (22,183,378) 3,580,866 3,621,817) - - 52,057,958
Lease liabilities (Note 17) 7,019,280 2,668,459 (2,109,004) 531,360 - 22,077) - 8,088,018
Total 60,598,205 23,361,821 (24,292,382) 4,122,226 (3,621,817) 22,077) - 60,145,976
KHR’000 (Note 2.3.3) 245,119,739 95,035,888 (98,821,410) 16,769,215 (14,733,552) (89,809) 1,754,635 245,034,706

31. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES

31.1. Identification of related parties

For purposes of these financial statements, parties are considered to be related to the Bank if the Bank has the ability,
directly or indirectly, to control the party or exercise significant influence over the party in making financial and operating
decisions, or vice versa, or where the Bank and the party are subject to common control or common significant
influence. Related parties may be individuals or other entities.

The Bank has related party relationships with its subsidiaries, substantial shareholders, associates and key management
personnel.

Key management personnel are defined as those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and
controlling the activities of the Bank either directly or indirectly. The key management personnel includes all the directors
of the Bank, and certain senior management members of the Bank.

Key management has banking relationships with Bank entities which are entered into in the normal course of business
and on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and security, as for comparable transactions with other
persons of a similar standing or, where applicable, with other employees. These transactions did not involve more than
the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavourable features.
31.2. Transactions with related parties

Related parties
Interest expense
Interest income
Borrowing repayment
Loan repayment

Key management personnel
Salaries and benefits

31.3. Balances with related parties

Related parties
Deposits
Accrued interest payable on deposits
Loans
Accrued interest receivable on loans and advances
Borrowings
Accrued interest payable on borrowing

Key management personnel
Loans
Deposits from customers

4 2022 ) (C 2021 )
uss KHR’000 uss KHR’000

(Note 2.3.3) (Note 2.3.3)

1,844,241 7,537,414 1,496,137 6,086,285

- - 990,049 1,179,919

96,057,231 106,495,903 554,083 2,254,010

- - 571,482 2,324,789

995,344 4,067,971 1,001,581 4,074,432

C 31 December 2022 ) (C 31 December 2021 )

uss

17,086,943
326,444

20,557,810
234,096

2,341,225
4,041,833

KHR’000
(Note 2.3.3)

70,346,944
1,343,970

84,636,504
963,773

9,638,823
16,640,228

uss

16,129,001
135,236
2,785,304
7,527
19,866,446
217,976

1,980,498
1,029,376

KHR’000
(Note 2.3.3)

65,709,550
550,951
11,347,328
30,665
80,935,901
888,034

8,068,549
4,193,678
32. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

32.1. Introduction and overview
The Bank has exposure to the following risks from financial instruments:
credit risk;

market risk;
liquidity risk; and

operational risk

This note presents information about the Bank's exposure to each of the above risks, the Bank's objectives, policies and
processes for measuring and managing risk, and the Bank's management of capital.

Risk management function & governance structure

The Bank's Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Bank's risk management
framework. The Board of Directors has established the Risk Management Committee (RMC), which is responsible for
approving and monitoring Bank's risk management policies.

The Bank's risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks faced by the Bank, to set appropriate
risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. The risk management policies and systems are
reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Bank's activities. The Bank, through its training and
management standards and procedures, aims to develop a disciplined and constructive control environment in which
all employees understand their roles and obligations.

The Bank’s Audit Committee oversees how management monitors compliance with the Bank's risk management
policies and procedures and reviews the adequacy of the risk management framework in relation to the risks faced by
the Bank. The Bank's Audit Committee is assisted in its oversight role by Internal Audit. Internal Audit undertakes both
regular and ad hoc reviews of risk management controls and procedures, the results of which are reported to the Bank's
Audit Committee.

32.2. Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk of potential of financial loss to the Bank if a borrower or counterparty fails to meet its contractual
obligations, and arises principally from the extension of credit facilities to customers.

(19)
Credit risk is one of the most important risk for the Bank's business. Credit exposure arises principally in lending activities
that involves providing loans to customers. There is also credit risk in off-balance sheet financial instruments, such as
Bank Guarantee and Letter of Credit, loan commitments, and contingent liabilities. Credit risk is managed by the Bank's
Credit Committee with overall oversight by the Bank's Risk Management Committee.

(i) Credit risk management

Extension of credit is governed by credit programmes that set out the plan for a particular product or portfolio, including
the target market, terms and conditions, documentation and procedures under which a credit product will be offered
and measured. The Bank has established the Core Credit Risk Policy which is designed to govern the Bank's risk
undertaking activities, including the following.

mB Formulating credit policies in consultation with business units, covering collateral requirements, credit assessment,
risk grading and reporting, documentary and legal procedures, and compliance with regulatory and statutory
requirements.

m Establishing the authorisation structure for the approval and renewal of credit facilities. Authorisation limits are
allocated to business unit Credit Officers. Larger facilities require assessment by credit risk management and submit
for approval based on updated credit DOA as appropriate.

B Reviewing and assessing credit risk: Bank Credit assesses all credit exposures in excess of designated limits,
before facilities are committed to customers by the business unit concerned. Renewals and reviews of facilities are
subject to the same review process.

m Limiting concentrations of exposure to counterparties, geographies and industries (for loans and advances, financial
guarantees and similar exposures), and by issuer, credit rating band, market liquidity and country (for investments
securities).

m Developing and maintaining the Bank's risk gradings to categorise exposures according to the degree of risk of
default. The responsibility for setting risk grades lies with the final approving executive or committee, as appropriate.
Risk grades are subject to regular reviews by Bank Risk.
m Developing and maintaining the Bank's processes for measuring ECL: This includes processes for:

- initial approval, regular validation and back-testing of the models used;
- determining and monitoring significant increase in credit risk; and
- incorporation of forward-looking information.

B® Reviewing compliance of business units with agreed exposure limits, including those for selected industries, country
risk and product types. Regular reports on the credit quality of local portfolios are provided to Bank Credit, which
may require appropriate corrective action to be taken. These include reports containing estimates of ECL allowances.

m Providing advice, guidance and specialist skills to business units to promote best practice throughout the Bank in
the management of credit risk.

Each business unit is required to implement Bank credit policies and procedures, with credit approval authorities
delegated from the Bank's Risk Management Committee. Each business unit has a Head of Credit or Chief Credit Officer
who reports on all credit-related matters to Credit Committee and the Banks Risk Management Committee. Each
business unit is responsible for the quality and performance of its credit portfolio and for monitoring and controlling all
credit risks in its portfolios, including those subject to central approval.

Regular audits of business units and credit processes are undertaken by Internal Audit.

(ij) Concentration of risk
Credit risk is managed by the Bank's Credit Committee with overall oversight by the Bank’s Risk Management Committee.

The following table presents the Bank's maximum exposure to credit risk of on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet
financial instruments, without taking into account of any collateral held or other credit enhancements. For on-balance
sheet assets, the exposure to credit risk equals their carrying amount. For contingent liabilities, the maximum exposure
to credit risk is the maximum amount that the Bank would have to pay if the obligations of the instruments issued are
called upon. For credit commitments, the maximum exposure to credit risk is the full amount of the undrawn credit
facilities granted to customers.
Type of credit exposure

31 December 2022

On-balance sheet items

Cash and cash equivalents (excluding cash
on hand}

Placements with other financial institutions
Loans and advances to customers - gross
Investment in in an associate

Financial assets at fair value through other
comprehensive income

Other assets

Total

Off-balance sheet items

Commitments received from credit facilities
Loan guarantees

Commitments in favor of loans and advances

Foreign exchange commitment

31 December 2021

On-balance sheet items

Cash and cash equivalents (excluding cash
on hand}

Placements with other financial institutions

Loans and advances to customers — gross
Financial assets at fair value through other

comprehensive income

Other assets

Total

Off-balance sheet items

Commitments received from credit facilities
Loan guarantees

Commitments in favor of loan and advances

Foreign exchange commitment

Maximum credit

Maximum credit

Fully subject to
collateral/credit

Partially subject to
collateral/ credit

Unsecured and not
subject to collateral/

exposure exposure enhancement enhancement credit enhancement
uss KHR'000 % % %
(Note 2.3.3}
48,607,393 200,116,637 0% 0% 100%
265,034 1,091,145 0% 0% 100%
591,014,309 2,433,205,910 97.10% 0.42% 2.48%
490,000 2,017,330 0% 0% 100%
42,500 174,973 0% 0% 100%
1,467,050 6,039,845 0% 0% 100%
641,886,286 2,642,645,840
43,000,000 177,031,000 0.00% 0.00% 100.00%
412,061 1,696,455 0.00% 0.00% 100.00%
11,984,659 49,340,841 49.45% 15.58% 34.96%
12,553,444 51,682,629 0.00% 0.00% 100.00%
67,950,164 279,750,825
32,049,767 130,570,751 - - 100.00%
906,766 3,694,165 - - 100.00%
524,962,068 2,138,605,465 96.55% 0.93% 2.52%
42,500 173,145 - - 100.00%
500,723 2,039,946 - - 100.00%
558,461,824 2,275,173,472
43,000,000 175,182,000 - - 100.00%
336,000 1,368,864 - - 100.00%
26,873,541 108,482,806 81.23% 8.16% 10.61%
5,074,865 20,675,000 - - 100.00%
75,284,406 306,708,670

(iii) Collateral

Whilst the Bank's maximum exposure to credit risk is the carrying amount of the assets or, in the case of off-balance
sheet instruments, the amount guaranteed, committed, accepted or endorsed, the likely exposure may be lower due to
offsetting collateral, credit guarantees and other actions taken to mitigate the Bank's exposure.

The description of collateral for each class of financial asset is set out below.

Cash and cash equivalents, placements with other financial institutions, investment in equity instrument and other
assets

Collateral is generally not sought for these assets.
Loans and advances to customers, contingent liabilities and commitments

Certain loans and advances to customers, contingent liabilities and commitments are typically collateralised to a
substantial extent. In particular, residential mortgage exposures are generally fully secured by residential properties.

The table below summarises the Bank's security coverage of its financial assets:

Collateral/credit enhancement

Unsecured
Fixed credit
Properties deposits exposure Total
uss uss uss uss
31 December 2022

Cash and cash equivalents (excluding cash on hand) - - 48,607,393 48,607,393
Placements with other financial institutions - - 265,034 265,034
Loans and advances to customers - gross 573,877,715 2,467,429 14,669,165 591,014,309
Investment in an associate - - 490,000 490,000

Financial assets at fair value through other
comprehensive income - - 42,500 42,500
Other assets - - 1,467,050 1,467,050
573,877,715 2,467,429 65,541,142 641,886,286

31 December 2021

Cash and cash equivalents (excluding cash on hand) - - 32,049,767 32,049,767
Placements with other financial institutions - - 906,766 906,766
Loan and advances to customers - gross 506,842,854 4,880,410 13,238,804 524,962,068

Financial assets at fair value through other
comprehensive income - - 42,500 42,500
Other assets - - 500,723 500,723
506,842,854 4,880,410 46,738,560 558,461,824

(rD)
(iv) Credit quality of gross loans and advances to customers

Pursuant to the NBC guideline Prakas B7-017-344, the Bank has defined each credit grading according to its credit
quality as follows:

Normal

Outstanding facility is repaid on timely manner and is not in doubt for the future repayment. Repayment is steadily made
according with the contractual terms and the facility does not exhibit any potential weaknesses in repayment capability,
business, cash flow and financial position of the counterparty.

Special mention

A facility in this class is currently protected and may not be past due but it exhibits potential weaknesses that may
adversely affect repayment of the counterparty at the future date, if not corrected in a timely manner, and close attention
by the Bank.

Weaknesses include but are not limited to a declining trend in the business operations of the counterparty or in its financial
position, and adverse economic and market conditions that all might affect its profitability and its future repayment
capacity, or deteriorating conditions on the collateral. This class has clearly its own rational and should not be used as
a compromise between Normal and Substandard.

Substandard

A facility ranked in this class exhibits noticeable weaknesses and is not adequately protected by the current business or
financial position and repayment capacity of the counterparty. In essence, the primary source of repayment is not
sufficient to service the debt, not taking into account the income from secondary sources such as the realisation of the
collateral.

Factors leading to a substandard classification include:

mB Inability of the counterparty to meet the contractual repayments’ terms,

B® Unfavourable economic and market conditions that would adversely affect the business and profitability of the
counterparty in the future,

BB Weakened financial condition and/or inability of the counterparty to generate enough cash flow to service the
payments,
m Difficulties experienced by the counterparty in repaying other facilities granted by the Institution or by other institutions

when the information is available, and

Doubtful

A facility classified in this category exhibits more severe weaknesses than one classified Substandard such that its full
collection on the basis of existing facts, conditions or collateral value is highly questionable or improbable. The prospect

of loss is high, even if the exact amount remains undetermined for now.

Loss

A facility is classified as Loss when it is not collectable, and little or nothing can be done to recover the outstanding
amount from the counterparty.

Recognition of ECL

The Bank apply a three-stage approach based on the change in credit quality since initial recognition:

Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3
3-stage approach - - .
Performing Under-performing Non-performing
Recognition of expected 12 months Lifetime expected credit Lifetime expected credit

credit losses

expected credit losses

losses

losses

Criterion

No significant increase in
credit risk

Credit risk increased
significantly

Credit impaired assets

Basis of calculation of

profit revenue

On gross carrying amount

On gross carrying amount

On net carrying amount

The Bank will measure ECL by using the general approach. The general approach consists of segregating the customers
into three different stages according to the staging criteria by assessing the credit risk. 12-month ECL will be computed
for stage 1, while lifetime ECL will be computed for stage 2 and stage 3. At each reporting date, the Bank will assess

credit risk of each account as compared to the risk level at origination date.

Below is a table showing a summary of credit risk status and period for ECL calculation by stages:

Long-term facilities (more than one year)

Days Past Due

Stage Credit risk status Grade Default indicator
(“DPD”)
No significant increase in
1 on Normal 0-29 Performing
credit risk
Credit risk increased ) )
2 CL Special mention 30 - 89 Under-performing
significantly
Substandard 90-179
3 Credit impaired assets Doubtful 180 - 359 Non-performing
Loss 360 and above
\. J
Short-term facilities (one year or less)
Stage Credit risk status Grade pays pastDue Default indicator
(“DPD”)
No significant increase in
1 on Normal 0-14 Performing
credit risk
Credit risk increased
2 Co Special mention 15-30 Under-performing
significantly
Substandard 31-60
3 Credit impaired assets Doubtful 61-90 Non-performing
Loss 91 and above
\- J

The Bank is using DPD information and NBC's classification for staging criteria. The Bank also incorporated credit

scoring or forward-looking elements if readily available. Upon the implementation of credit scoring system, if the risk level

drops by two or more notches as compared to the risk level at origination, the accounts are classified under stage 2.

As for financial assets that are short-term in nature, simplified approach is adopted where no staging criteria is required.

In this case, it will be either performing (stage 1) or non-performing.
The table below summarises the credit quality of the Bank's gross financing according to the above classifications.

Loans and advances to customers at
amortised cost

Normal

Special mention

Substandard

Doubtful

Loss

Allowance for ECL
Net carrying amount

KHR’000 (Note 2.3.3)

Loans and advances to customers at
amortised cost

Normal

Special mention

Substandard

Doubtful

Loss

Allowance for ECL
Net carrying amount

KHR’000 (Note 2.3.3)

(29)

C

31 December 2022

Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 Total
uss uss uss uss
559,512,698 - - 559,612,698
- 7,595,962 - 7,595,962

- - 4,608,097 4,608,097

- - 9,217,333 9,217,333

- - 10,080,219 10,080,219
559,512,698 7,595,962 23,905,649 591,014,309
(1,890,241) (463,396) (6,049,365) (8,403,002)
557,622,457 7,132,566 17,856,284 582,611,307
2,295,731,655 29,364,774 73,514,321 2,398,610,751

C

31 December 2021

Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 Total
uss uss uss uss
502,371,635 - - 502,371,635
R 9,443,234 - 9,443,234

- - 3,775,596 3,775,596

- - 4,463,959 4,463,959

- - 4,907,644 4,907,644
502,371,635 9,443,234 13,147,199 524,962,068
(3,113,908) 417,374) (4,144,837) (7,676,119)
499,257,727 9,025,860 9,002,362 517,285,949
2,033,975,980 36,771,354 36,675,623 2,107,422,956

Incorporation of forward-looking information

The Bank incorporates forward-looking information into both the assessment of whether the credit risk of an instrument
has increased significantly since its initial recognition and the measurement of ECL. External information considered
includes economic data and forecasts published by governmental bodies and monetary authorities in the countries
where the Bank operates, supranational organisations such as the World Bank, International Monetary Fund, and
selected private-sector and academic forecasters. The Bank has identified and documented key drivers of credit risk
and credit losses for each portfolio of financial instruments in accordance with each country and, using an analysis of
historical data, has estimated relationships between macro-economic variables and credit risk and credit losses.

32.3. Market risk

Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices — e.g. interest rates, foreign exchange rates and equity prices — will
affect the Bank’s income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objective of market risk management
is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimising the return.

(i) Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk refers to the volatility in net interest income as a result of changes in the levels of interest rate and shifts
in the composition of the assets and liabilities. Interest rate risk is managed through close monitoring of returns on
investments, market pricing and cost of funds. The potential reduction in net interest income from an unfavourable
interest rate movement is regularly monitored against the risk tolerance limits set.

The table below summarises the Bank's exposure to interest rate risk. The table indicates the periods in which the financial
instruments reprice or mature, whichever is earlier.

C 31 December 2022 )
Upto1 >1-3 > 3-6 > 6-12 >1to5 Over 5 Non-interest
month months months months years years bearing Total Interest rate
uss uss$ uss uss uss uss uss$ uss$
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents 552,424 - - - - - 72,387,740 72,940,164 0.00%-1.25%
Placements with other financial
institutions - 265,034 - - - - - 265,034  3.50%-4.10%

Loans and advances to

customers 5,906,959 11,365,723 9,560,194 19,167,028 219,670,395 325,343,110 - 591,014,309 4.75%-18.00%
Investment in an associate - - - - - - 490,000 490,000

Financial assets at fair value

through other comprehensive

income - - - - - - 42,500 42,500

Other assets - - - - - - 1,467,050 1,467,050

&
Total financial assets

Financial liabilities
Deposits from other financial
institutions

Deposits from customers
Borrowings

Lease liabilities

Cther liabilities

Total financial liabilities

Interest sensitivity gap
KHR’000 {Note 2.3.3)

31 December 2022

)

Upto1 >1-3 > 3-6 > 6-12 >1to5 Over 5 Non-interest
month months months months years years bearing Total
uss uss us$ uss uss uss uss uss
6,450,383 11,680,757 9,560,194 19,167,928 219,670,395 325,343,110 74,387,290 666,219,057
9,398,430 3,477,518 10,482,165 14,253,792 12,913,548 - 4,314,632 54,790,080
114,999,897 110,899,346 79,745,035 110,028,446 27,954,019 611,413 8,849,554 453,088,610
12,872,510 5,588,583 7,560,332 7,932,339 11,805,539 508,772 - 45,768,075
143,973 291,680 429,832 854,036 5,114,348 3,026,609 - 9,860,478
- - 30,053 28,354 98,644 34,686 3,238,058 3,424,795
136,914,810 120,257,122 98,198,317 133,091,967 57,886,098 4,181,480 16,402,244 566,932,038
(180,455,427) (108,626,365) (88,638,123) (113,924,039) 161,784,297 321,161,630 57,985,046 99,287,019
(537,084,993) (447,214,745) (364,923,152) (469,025,269) 666,065,951 1,322,222,431 238,724,434 408,764,657

The table below summarises the Bank's exposure to interest rate risks which includes

amounts.

Financial assets

Cash and cash equivalents
Placements with other financial
institutions

Loans and advances to
customers

Financial assets at fair value
through other comprehensive
income

Other assets

Total financial assets

Financial liabilities
Deposits from other financial
institutions

Deposits from customers

Borrowings

(=)

Interest rate

0.00%-7.50%
0.00%-12.00%
2.00%-10.47%
4.90%-7.14%

assets and liabilities at carrying

31 December 2021

)

Upto1 >1-3 > 3-6 > 6-12 >1to5 Over 5 Non-interest
month months months months years years bearing Total
uss uss us$ uss uss uss uss uss
458,631 - - - - - 53,451,565 53,910,196
- - 393,213 518,553 - - - 906,766
7,481,521 14,371,991 6,513,228 19,163,442 208,476,851 268,955,035 - 524,962,068
- - - - - - 42,500 42,500
- - - - - - 500,723 500,723
7,940,152 14,371,091 6,906,441 19,676,995 208,476,851 268,955,035 53,994,788 580,322,253
7,699,713 8,085,606 16,584,978 25,522,107 8,910,000 1,000,000 3,731,438 71,583,842
102,938,931 52,049,742 44,823,453 117,982,745 23,330,231 10,280 5,851,311 346,986,603
10,981,740 2,977,312 2,492,206 14,542,844 20,788,446 275,320 - 52,057,958

Interest rate

0.04%-2.50%

3.50%-4.25%

4.50%-18.00%

0.00%-6.50%
0.00%-12.00%
3.49%-10.47%
Lease liabilities
Cther liabilities

Total financial liabilities

Interest sensitivity gap
KHR'000 (Note 2.3.3}

C 31 December 2021

Interest rate

8,088,018 6.16%-7.14%

Upto1 >1-3 > 3-6 > 6-12 >1to5 Over 5 Non-interest
month months months months years years bearing Total
us$ uss us$ uss uss uss uss
136,047 263,601 397,887 779,299 4,237,973 2,273,211
34,989 26,332 82,839 3,276,948 3,421,108

121,756,431 63,376,261 64,333,603 158,853,327

57,349,489 3,558,811

12,859,697 482,087,619

(113,816,279) (49,004,270) (57,427,162) (139,176,332)

151,127,362 265,396,224

41,135,091 98,234,634

(463,687,501) (199,643,396) (233,958,258) (567,004,377)

615,692,873 1,081,224,217

167,584,361 400,207,899

(ii) Foreign currency exchange risk

Foreign currency exchange risk is the risk that the value of financial instruments will fluctuate due to changes in foreign

exchange rates.

Concentration of currency risk

The amounts of financial assets and liabilities, by currency denomination, are as follows:

Financial assets

Cash and cash equivalents

C

31 December 2022

)

Placements with other financial institutions

Loans and advances to customers

Investment in an associate

Financial assets at fair value through other

comprehensive income

Other assets

Financial liabilities
Deposits from other financial institutions
Deposits from customers

Borrowings
Lease liabilities
Other liabilities

Net asset position
KHR’000 (Note 2.3.3)

KHR uss Other Total
12,322,221 60,240,291 377,652 72,940,164
- - 265,034 265,034
63,132,888 527,873,260 8,161 591,014,309
- 490,000 - 490,000

- 42,500 - 42,500

1,121,702 338,706 6,642 1,467,050
76,576,811 588,984,757 657,489 666,219,057
6,166,631 48,623,449 - 54,790,080
37,744,964 415,151,529 192,117 453,088,610
973,582 44,378,564 415,929 45,768,075

- 9,860,478 - 9,860,478

156,422 3,268,373 - 3,424,795
45,041,599 521,282,393 608,046 566,932,038
31,535,212 67,702,364 49,443 99,287,019
129,830,466 278,730,634 203,557 408,764,657

Financial assets

Cash and cash equivalents

Placements with other financial institutions
Loans and advances to customers
Financial assets at fair value through other
comprehensive income

Other assets

Financial liabilities

Deposits from other financial institutions
Deposits from customers

Borrowings

Lease liabilities

Other liabilities

Net asset position
KHR’000 (Note 2.3.3)

Sensitivity analysis

31 December 2021

KHR uss Other Total
7,445,106 44,391,138 2,073,952 53,910,196
- - 906,766 906,766
63,544,511 456,857,033 4,560,524 524,962,068
- 42,500 - 42,500

20,556 483,444 (8,277) 500,723
71,010,173 501,774,115 7,537,965 580,322,253
16,039,914 55,493,928 - 71,533,842
32,780,141 312,638,873 1,667,679 346,986,693
2,457,417 48,871,257 729,284 52,057,958

- 8,088,018 - 8,088,018

57,352 3,363,756 - 3,421,108
51,334,824 428,455,832 2,296,963 482,087,619
19,675,349 73,318,283 5,241,002 98,234,634
80,157,372 208,698,685 21,351,842 400,207,899

Considering that other risk variables remain constant, the foreign currency revaluation sensitivity for the Bank as at reporting

date is summarised as follows (only exposures in currencies that accounts for more than 5 percent of the net open positions
are shown in its specific currency in the table below. For other currencies, these exposures are grouped as ‘Others’):

KHR
Other

KHR’000 (Note 2.3.3)

&)

( 31December2022 | ( 31December 2021 )

-1% +1% -1% +1%
Depreciation Appreciation Depreciation Appreciation
uss uss uss uss
(315,352) 315,352 (196,753) 196,753
(494) 494 (52,410) 52,410
(315,846) 315,846 (249,163) 249,163
(1,300,338) 1,300,338 (1,015,090) 1,015,090

32.4. Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk of the Bank being unable to meet its payment obligations associated with its financial liabilities
when they fall due and to replace funds when they are withdrawn. The consequence of this may be the failure to meet
obligations to repay depositors and fulfil commitments to lend.

(i) Liquidity risk management process

The Bank's management monitor balance sheet liquidity and manages the concentration and profile of debt maturities
through the gap analysis. Periodic reporting on the movement in loans and customers’ deposits are monitored and
liquidity requirements are adjusted to ensure sufficient liquid assets to meet financial commitments and obligation.

Monitoring and reporting take the form of the reviewing of the daily cash position and projections for the next day, week
and month, as these are key years for liquidity management. Management monitors the movement of the main depositors
and lenders and projections of their withdrawals.

(ii) Funding approach

The Bank's main sources of liquidity arise from the shareholders’ paid-up capital, borrowings from social lenders and
finance institutions, deposits from other financial institutions and deposits from customers. The sources of liquidity are
reviewed regularly through management's review of the maturity of term deposits and key depositors.

(iii) Non-derivative cash flows

The table on the following page presents the cash flows payable by the Bank under non-derivative financial liabilities by
remaining contractual maturities at the balance sheet date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual
undiscounted cash flows, whereas the Bank manages the inherent liquidity risk based on the expected undiscounted
cash flows.

The table below summarises the Bank's assets and liabilities based on remaining contractual maturities. The expected
cash flows of these assets and liabilities could vary significantly from what is shown in the table. For example, deposits
from other financial institutions and deposits from customers are not all expected to be withdrawn immediately.

Although the result from the table showed negative liquidity gap, based on experience, the management of the bank

believes that customers will not withdraw their deposits according to the maturity. Some of the deposits keep rolling
from one cycle to another, therefore, management believes that underlying liquidity risk is manageable.
C

31 December 2022

Up to 1 month > 1-3 months > 3-6 months > 6-12 months >1to5year Over 5years No maturity Total
us$ uss uss us$ us$ uss uss uss

Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents 72,940,164 - - - - - - 72,940,164
Placements with other financial
institutions - 265,034 - - - - - 265,034
Loans and advances to
customers 5,806,959 11,365,723 9,560,194 19,167,828 219,670,385 325,343,110 - 591,014,309
Investment in an associate - - - - - - 480,000 480,000
Financial assets at fair value
through other comprehensive
income - - - - - - 42,500 42,500
Other assets 1,467,050 - - - - - - 1,467,050
Total financial assets 80,314,173 11,630,757 9,560,194 19,167,828 219,670,385 325,343,110 532,500 666,219,057
Financial liabilities
Deposits from other financial
institutions 13,713,062 3,477,513 10,432,165 14,258,792 12,913,548 - - 54,790,080
Deposits from customers 123,844,819 110,899,345 79,745,935 110,028,446 27,958,183 611,882 - 453,088,610
Borrowings 12,372,510 5,588,583 7,560,332 7,932,339 11,805,539 508,772 - 45,768,075
Lease liabilities 143,973 291,680 429,832 854,036 5,114,348 3,026,609 - 9,860,478
Other liabilities 1,758,574 1,247,960 30,053 23,354 98,644 - 79,473 3,238,058
Total financial liabilities 151,832,938 121,505,081 98,198,317 133,091,967 57,890,262 4,147,263 79,473 566,745,301
Maturity gap (71,518,765) (109,874,324) (88,638,123) (113,924,039) 161,780,133 321,195,847 453,027 99,473,756
KHR’000 (Note 2.3.3) (294,442,756) (452,352,592) (364,923,154) (469,025,267) 666,048,807 1,322,363,302 1,865,112 409,533,453

Financial assets

Cash and cash equivalents
Placements with other financial
institutions

Loans and advances to
customers

Financial assets at fair value
through other comprehensive
income

Other assets

Total financial assets

Financial liabilities
Deposits from other financial
institutions

Deposits from customers
Borrowings

Lease liabilities

Other liabilities

Total financial liabilities

Maturity gap

KHR'000 (Note 2.3.3)

C

31 December 2021

Up to 1 month > 1-3 months > 3-6 months > 6-12 months >1to5year Over 5 years No maturity Total
us$ uss uss us$ us$ uss uss uss
53,810,196 - - - - - - 53,910,196

- - 383,213 513,553 - - - 906,766

7,481,521 14,371,991 6,513,228 19,163,442 208,476,851 268,955,035 - 524,962,068

- - - - - - 42,500 42,500

500,723 - - - - - - 500,723
61,892,440 14,371,991 6,906,441 19,676,995 208,476,851 268,955,035 42,500 580,322,253
11,431,151 8,085,606 16,584,978 25,522,107 8,910,000 1,000,000 - 71,533,842
108,786,049 52,049,791 44,827,607 117,982,745 23,330,231 10,280 - 346,986,693
10,981,740 2,977,312 2,492,296 14,542,844 20,788,446 275,320 - 52,057,958
136,047 263,601 397,887 779,299 4,237,973 2,273,211 - 8,088,018
1,707,343 1,263,094 34,989 26,332 82,839 - 162,351 3,276,948
133,042,330 64,639,404 64,337,747 158,853,327 57,349,489 3,558,811 162,351 481,943,459
(71,149,830) (50,267,413) (57,431,306) (139,176,332) 151,127,362 265,396,224 {119,851} 98,378,794
(289,864,652) (204,789,441) (233,975,141) (567,004,377) 615,692,873 1,081,224,217 (488,273) 400,795,207

32.5. Operational risk

Operational risk is the risk of direct or indirect loss arising from inadequate or failed internal processes, personnel,
technology and infrastructure, and from external factors other than credit, market and liquidity risks such as those arising
from legal and regulatory requirements and generally accepted standards of corporate behaviour. The operational risk
losses is managed through established operational risk management processes, proper monitoring and reporting of the
business activities by control and support units which are independent of the business units and oversight provided by
the senior management of the Bank.

The Bank's operational risk management entails the establishment of clear organisational structures, roles and control
policies. Various internal control policies and measures have been implemented including the establishment of signing
authorities, defining system parameters controls, streamlining procedures and documentation and compliance with
regulatory and other legal requirements.

32.6. Capital management
(i) Regulatory capital

The Bank's objectives when managing capital, which is a broader concept than the ‘equity’ on the face of the balance
sheet, are:

To comply with the capital requirements set by the NBC;
To safeguard the Bank's ability to continue as a going concern so that it can continue to provide returns for share-
holders and benefits for other stakeholders; and

® To maintain a strong capital base to support the development of the business.

The NBC requires all licensed commercial banks to (i) fulfil the minimum capital requirements, and (ii) comply with solvency,
liquidity and other requirements.

(ii) Capital allocation

The allocation of capital between specific operations and activities is, to a large extent, driven by optimisation of the
return achieved on the capital allocated. The amount of capital allocated to each operation or activity is based primarily
upon the regulatory capital.

33. FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

Financial instruments comprise financial assets, financial liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments. Fair value is the price
that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date in the principal or, in its absence, the most advantageous market to which the Bank have access
at that date. The information presented herein represents the estimates of fair values as at the financial position date.
Quoted and observable market prices, where available, are used as the measure of fair values of the financial instruments.
Where such quoted and observable market prices are not available, fair values are estimated based on a range of method-
ologies and assumptions regarding risk characteristics of various financial instruments, discount rates, estimates of future
cash flows and other factors.

Fair value information for non-financial assets and liabilities are excluded as they do not fall within the scope of CIFRS 7:
Financial Instruments Disclosures which requires the fair value information to be disclosed. These include property and
equipment, right-of-use and intangible assets.

The fair values of the Bank's financial instruments such as cash and cash equivalents, placements with other financial
institutions, other assets, deposits from other financial institutions and customers, and other liabilities are not materially
sensitive to shifts in market profit rate because of the limited term to maturity of these instruments. As such, the carrying
values of these financial assets and liabilities at financial position date approximate their fair values.

The fair values of other financial instruments are based on the following methodologies and assumptions:
Cash and cash equivalents, statutory deposits, other assets and other liabilities

The carrying amounts approximate the fair values due to the short-term nature of these accounts.
Loans and advances to customers, deposits from customers and other financial institutions

The fair value is estimated by discounting the estimated future cash flows using the prevailing market rates of financing
with similar credit risks and maturities.

Investment in an associate and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income

The estimated fair values are generally based on quoted and observable market prices. Where there is no ready market
in certain securities, fair values have been estimated by reference to market indicative yields or net tangible asset backing
of the investee.

Fair value hierarchy

CIFRS 7 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques
are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources and
unobservable inputs reflect the Bank's market assumptions.
The fair value hierarchy is as follows:

m Level 1 — Quoted price (unadjusted) in active markets for the identical assets or liabilities. This level includes listed
equity securities and debt instruments.

B Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
directly (i.e., as prices) or indirectly (i.e., derived from prices).

Bm Level 3 - Inputs for asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs). This level
includes equity instruments and debt instruments with significant unobservable components.

The fair value of financial asset not carried at fair value in the statement of financial position at the reporting date analysed
by various levels within the fair value hierarchy is as follows:

4 2022 ) C 2021 )

Carrying Fair value Carrying Fair value

amount Level 3 amount Level 3

uss uss uss uss

Loans and advances to customers 582,611,307 590,396,026 517,285,949 523,375,513
KHR’000 (Note 2.3.3) 2,398,610,751 2,430,660,439 2,107,422,956 2,132,231,838

Deposits from customers and other financial institutions 507,878,690 512,437,115 418,520,535 422,644,460
KHR’000 (Note 2.3.3) 2,090,936,566 2,109,708,603 1,705,052,660 1,721,853,530

There have been no transfers between level 1 and level 2 fair value movements, and no transfers into and out of level 3
fair value measurement during the year ended 31 December 2022.
34. MATURITY PROFILE OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

The following tables show an analysis of assets and liabilities of the Bank analysed accordingly whether they are expected

to be recovered or settled within one year or beyond one year from the statement of financial position date:

Financial assets

Cash and cash equivalents
Placements with other financial
institutions

Loans and advances to customers
Investment in an associate

Financial assets at fair value through
other comprehensive income

Other assets

Non-financial assets
Statutory deposits
Property and equipment
Right-of-use assets
Intangible assets
Deferred tax assets

Other assets

Less: Allowance for credit expected
losses
Accumulated depreciation and

amortization

Total assets

KHR'000 (Note 2.3.3)

C

2022 )C

2021 )

Within Beyond Within Beyond
one year One Year Total one year One Year Total
72,940,164 - 72,940,164 53,910,196 - 53,910,196
265,034 - 265,034 906,766 - 906,766
46,000,804 545,013,505 591,014,309 47,530,182 477,431,886 524,962,068
490,000 - 490,000 - - -
42,500 - 42,500 42,500 - 42,500
1,467,050 - 1,467,050 500,723 - 500,723
121,205,552 545,013,505 666,219,057 102,880,367 477,431,886 580,322,253
- 42 591,664 42,591,664 - 35,890,436 35,890,436
- 19,752,746 19,752,746 - 15,939,996 15,939,996
- 16,752,384 16,752,384 - 14,916,292 14,916,292
- 3,709,706 3,709,706 - 3,135,994 3,135,994
_ - - - 494,219 494,219
- 1,286,625 1,286,625 - 1,343,960 1,343,960
- 84,093,125 84,093,125 - 71,720,897 71,720,897
121,205,552 629,106,630 750,312,182 102,880,367 549,152,783 652,043,150
8,431,909 7,702,736
20,801,391 18,665,650
721,078,882 625,674,764

2,968,681,757

2,548,998,989

&
Financial liabilities
Deposits from other banks
Deposits from customers
Borrowings

Lease liabilities

Cther liabilities

Non-financial liabilities

Income tax payable

Deferred tax liabilities — net

Cther liabilities

Total liabilities

KHR'000 (Note 2.3.3)

35. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

q 2022 DC 2021 )
Within Beyond Within Beyond
one year One Year Total one year One Year Total
41,876,532 12,913,548 54,790,080 61,623,842 9,810,000 71,633,842
424,518,545 28,570,065 453,088,610 323,646,182 23,340,511 346,986,693
33,453,764 12,314,311 45,768,075 30,994,192 21,063,766 52,057,958
1,719,521 8,140,957 9,860,478 1,576,834 6,511,184 8,088,018
3,326,151 98,644 3,424,795 3,258,757 162,351 3,421,108
504,894,513 62,037,525 566,932,038 421,099,807 60,987,812 482,087,619
1,194,668 - 1,194,668 2,002,306 - 2,002,306
781,315 - 781,315 - - -
279,886 - 279,886 219,389 - 219,389
2,255,869 - 2,255,869 2,221,695 - 2,221,695
507,150,382 62,037,525 569,187,907 423,321,502 60,887,812 484,309,314
2,087,938,123 255,408,490 2,343,346,613 1,724,611,799 248,464,346 1,873,076,146

Other than as disclosed elsewhere in these financial statements, at the date of this report, there were no events which
occurred subsequent to 31 December 2022 that had significant impact on the financial position of the Bank as at 31

December 2022.

36. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The financial statements were authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on 29 March 2023.
Rinternet

a Banking
=

PhillipCapital
Singapore

086 930 000 / 089 989 818
El info@phillipbank.com.kh
www.phillipbank.com.kh
KE] #27DEFG, Preah Monivong
Blvd., Sangkat Srah Chork,
Khan Daun Penh, Phnom Penh.

